Tim Sackton: Okay. So we begin on Vendorsharna.
Tim Sackton: some 70 miles off the coast of Chardon.
Tim Sackton: drifting among a fog bank in the Gulf of Chardon.
Tim Sackton: and as we begin we flash back to the people that you freed
Tim Sackton: Valius Vargas, Vola, and Hector, all
Tim Sackton: recently released, or in some fashion or another, from the prison
Tim Sackton: of the mirror of soul trapping.
Tim Sackton: or from the prison of the crown of purity, or both.
Tim Sackton: We start with Valius, who, in that
Tim Sackton: strange place where time seemed not to pass, was always vaguely aware that his brother was near him.
Tim Sackton: even though his thoughts seemed as slow as molasses, and when he tried to speak. He wasn't sure if words came out due to the
Tim Sackton: strange nature of time in that place.
Tim Sackton: but he wasn't entirely insensate. He wasn't completely unaware. He did not miss the slow.
Tim Sackton: dawning awareness growing in his brother's eyes even in this weird cocoon world, where everything was dulled to near oblivion.
Tim Sackton: This feeling of shock grew in his mind as he slowly realized his brother was 3.
Tim Sackton: How could this have happened? Trapped in this place? He wondered.
Tim Sackton: What could have
Tim Sackton: broken those bonds of Fausto, the seemingly impossible to kill Wizard, who had tied his mind in ribbons. Maybe
Tim Sackton: just maybe he wondered. Those crazy bastards who had captured him did something to Fasto. After all.
Tim Sackton: Vargas, for his part, felt the transition as a fog lifting, not
Tim Sackton: clarity exactly, for his thoughts still
Tim Sackton: were slow and impossible to order, and he was barely conscious of his surroundings.
Tim Sackton: But what replaced the fog was somehow
Tim Sackton: impersonal, less obtrusive, not violating in the same way as that
Tim Sackton: iron grip on his mind as had been
Tim Sackton: the 1st thing he was consciously aware of in this cocoon place was his brother Valius.
Tim Sackton: Somehow, despite it all, Valius had stuck with him, had kept him from suffering. This fate alone had not hung him out to dry like their father had, leaving them twisting in the wind.
Tim Sackton: His memories came back in pieces.
Tim Sackton: 2 soldiers for hire, more interested in stories than ale than actually seeking employment.
Tim Sackton: and Fausto and the society of the open and scroll and a blank
Tim Sackton: he couldn't remember. He had wanted to get out. Maybe Busta was asking too much.
Tim Sackton: but then something happened. He couldn't
Tim Sackton: piece it together. Maybe it was this strange molasses in his brain ebaying him from thinking.
Tim Sackton: But he wasn't alone, so they'd figure it out somehow.
Tim Sackton: Vola snapped the consciousness, angry.
Tim Sackton: All she remembered was she had been betrayed.
Tim Sackton: She could not clearly remember anything. After telling Aegon of her concerns
Tim Sackton: about Fausto, and then going with Aegon to speak to him and learn the truth.
Tim Sackton: Strange figments of dreams haunted her, racing across the
Tim Sackton: strange desert and assaulting a palace.
Tim Sackton: coppling an iron crane and charting spilling chalite ore. Everywhere
Tim Sackton: a serene underground cavern filled with an otherworldly light.
Tim Sackton: The thoughts felt slow in this strange, foggy place where she found herself.
Tim Sackton: She wondered if this was some new terror devised by Fausto for her punishment.
Tim Sackton: Had he killed everyone? Had he corrupted all of Chardon to his will.
Tim Sackton: How had she ended up here?
Tim Sackton: Doubts and confusion plagued her barely functioning brain. But that didn't matter now.
Tim Sackton: She let her anger wash away the dreams.
Tim Sackton: She knew she had been betrayed, and she would seek vengeance.
Tim Sackton: Hector drifted in a semi-conscious state.
Tim Sackton: He had liked the new songs, the deep, humming songs that spoke of echoes underground, eternal stone, beauty and strength.
Tim Sackton: They had washed away some of the older songs he hadn't like those older songs, the songs of subverdience, subservience.
Tim Sackton: the thrumming melody that wouldn't let him think.
Tim Sackton: He couldn't remember much before that 1st song. To be honest, it had broken his mind for so long
Tim Sackton: singing of violence and control until he didn't move. With conscious thought he just obeyed the song.
Tim Sackton: Not that he wanted to. He had no choice.
Tim Sackton: But now I drifted in silence.
Tim Sackton: each thought seeming to take an eternity to form.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he was with the gods.
Tim Sackton: but somehow he didn't think the gods would be this quiet
Tim Sackton: sometimes, though time sped up and you heard a voice.
Tim Sackton: Was that a halfling sea shanty? It sounded so familiar. How did he know those words?
Tim Sackton: Why did his hands twitch as if pulling on a phantom rope?
Tim Sackton: When the voice went quiet? He tried to let his mind go blank in the silence, and just let memories slowly grow.
Tim Sackton: the smell of salt spray, the feel of wind in his hair.
Tim Sackton: the sway of a ship on a rolling ocean.
Tim Sackton: We look forward to that voice, for somehow he knew it
Tim Sackton: brought the promise of his old self.
Tim Sackton: and from those memories of the still trapped Hector Vola, calmed from her
Tim Sackton: anger by Kenzo's meditation, and Thalias and Vargas let off from the ship in Tokra with
Tim Sackton: coin, and a letter to introduce them to the Dunmari.
Tim Sackton: and to let them find their own life hard. Far from Chardon.
Tim Sackton: We turn now, too, Chard, the city maybe 80 90 miles away, a little bit inland.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's friend Xavier, having given you information about where to
Tim Sackton: to meet on the north bank the slums known as the Chelite levels, and looking around seeker
Tim Sackton: comes up from below muttering, too busy reading. But an idea!
Tim Sackton: You obviously need me right, and he begins holding his hand up, and then he says, another seeker, please.
Tim Sackton: and snaps his hand, casting wish to cast some rackum.
Tim Sackton: and a pile of snow appears on the
Tim Sackton: base bottom of the ship, and then slowly begins to grow into a copy of Seeker. Yes, that'll do.
Tim Sackton: enjoy seeker. 2 seeker, 3
Tim Sackton: meet. Kenzo dealt with. Yes, I already know them. I have your memories, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes. Okay. Secret 3. I will be below again now. Many books to read. Oh, wait in Chardon. We will need eventually to to go to the plane of fire if we are to rescue my brother
Tim Sackton: resistance to fire or will die. I have this ring, and I think Kenzo has one. But the rest of you will need something. I bet you can buy something there. Seeker 3 to keep an eye out. And one of these books says,
Tim Sackton: something about a crystallized flame can be used to make a focus to teleport us there. Just ask around. I bet somebody will sell it to you.
Tim Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Oh, how are you? Gonna get there.
Tim Sackton: seeker 3 can teleport you, but if you want animal shapes, I can do that for you. Now.
Mike Sackton: We're like, I forget where we are exactly.
Mike Sackton: We're 70 miles off the coast, but we went around.
Tim Sackton: You went all the way around across Aporia Lake to approach from the ocean, so you wouldn't be noticed, which seems to have worked faldrick comes up out from the piloting chamber, too, is, you know, we've had an idea seeker and I were talking. I bet we can get very much closer if we summon the ice shell, which should, according to my calculations, be waterproof.
Tim Sackton: and then go underwater.
Mike Sackton: Keep in trying.
Mike Sackton: I think.
David S. Kong: Wait! What go underwater to? Where?
Mike Sackton: Submarine, Bernacharda.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's.
Mike Sackton: Water, melt ice.
Tim Sackton: Have you? I've read stories of icebergs, obviously not.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but they float.
Mike Sackton: Don't they get smaller over time, too.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wow!
Tim Sackton: I mean, we're not gonna stay there. Once we drop you off, we'll we'll leave.
Tim Sackton: We're not going to sit in the river for days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That feels like a good thing for you to work on while we're in the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and you you just let us know where to meet you.
Mike Sackton: And if it worked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or if you've all drowned.
Mike Sackton: Don't do that one.
Tim Sackton: Oh, oh, we won't drown! Did you see what Seeker just did? I'm sure he can't drown anymore.
Mike Sackton: Why can't we just use the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: I mean you can. A giant Rainbow bridge will appear in the middle of Chardon that thousands of people will be able to see. But if you want to make an appearance, it's entirely possible to make an appearance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should. Animal shapes in. That gives us the most flexibility. It also reduces even the possibility of getting it wrong on a teleport.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's fair.
David S. Kong: I like that, too, you know. Kenzo and dealt with. We need to. We need to restore our reputations first, st before we can be a little bit too open
David S. Kong: out and about, you know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, do we have some?
Mike Sackton: We should. We should come up with a plan.
Mike Sackton: I guess we're just gonna see what's what first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's talk through it on well, like while we fly over like, we'll be seagulls, and we can figure it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Last for an hour.
Tim Sackton: And seeker prime cast animal shapes on all of you. So that seeker 3.
Tim Sackton: This is the second. Was there a seek Crystal Macklin before?
Tim Sackton: Maybe not. Actually, maybe this is secret. 2.
Mike Sackton: I mean the.
Tim Sackton: Seeker and seeker 2 and seeker 3 have a big argument about whether this is secret 2 or seeker 3
Tim Sackton: and they eventually decide on seeker 3. Because why not and seeker 3 can
Tim Sackton: re-OP the telepathy. But rather than because some Rackhams don't get back spell slots just may as well save the
Tim Sackton: his 8th level slot in case he needs it. So seeker prime cast animal shapes on you. It lasts 24 h, so you've got a full day.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's gonna take, you know, a picking the fastest bird it's still gonna take.
Tim Sackton: you know, 3, 4 h to fly to the coast.
Tim Sackton: But it's it's 1st late right now, so you'll get there around noon. Say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So all of Chardon thinks, thinks you're
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): terrible. How how do we clear your name like? Do we.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get like a royal pardon or a.
David S. Kong: Great question. So yeah, so, Tim, My-, my understanding of like Chardonian, you know, like, you know, at a low level, at least, you know Kenzah must have got been in trouble with the law like, you know, how like, how does this all work like? What if we were to get have to have our names cleared like, how would that even happen like who would have the authority.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's like an imperial bureaucracy. You would have never really encountered the anything more significant than just like the
Tim Sackton: the city watch, basically the and hold on
Tim Sackton: but like, there's a whole whole bureaucracy, there's like the the Chancellor of the courts. There's like
Tim Sackton: there's ultimately everything runs through the magistrates. Who's the the title magistrates comes from?
Tim Sackton: comes from back in drank, or the magistrates was like the advisor to the Emperor.
Tim Sackton: and when Chardon decided it was an empire they didn't.
Tim Sackton: Nobody wanted to claim that they were actually the Emperor, so they just rule, and the magistrates rules in the name of the Emperor, but effectively has.
Tim Sackton: like not not completely dictatorial control, but like a fair bit of a talk, you know.
Mike Sackton: And and remind me like, why are we here to begin with.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean. No, that wasn't sorry. Let me put it. Let me put that differently in game. It's more of an in-game question. What are we hoping to achieve in Charlotte.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a good question to to ask each other.
David S. Kong: I think that we'll just because we, the Javier, like the my, the our Xavier, the friend he is. He. He told us about a location that we could go and and kind of be safe to start right.
Tim Sackton: So he I mean, he basically told you where his apartment was.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's on the north side of the city. So most of the population charted lives on the south side. The north side is where all the Chelite refineries are, and there's like the the like. Deep slums are called riverside. They're like next to the refineries, but then there's a wall, and immediately inside the wall there's the chelite levels, which is like.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Slums, but not quite, as you know.
Tim Sackton: contaminated. There's fresh water and stuff. So that's where he lives. There's a market called the Foundry market. He lives in an apartment right near the foundry market
Tim Sackton: with his mom and his sister. And you know, I mean, you have his address, basically so. And Kenzo had obviously been to the like. You know, you've been to the foundry market. Kenzo probably grew up in the chile levels, too. Right? Because this is her childhood friend.
David S. Kong: Right? Right?
David S. Kong: So, okay. But I'm remembering from our our last session now, like there was this whole like, cause, Xavier, there's like a resistance. There's like a group of people that had been like kind of organizing against the
David S. Kong: And but then, like something happened, and then, because there was a whole like after the mind control thing from the crown like, and.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Like shit got weird. And then it was sort of like, oh, like we don't know, and like there was like one dude who was like some kind of revolutionary leader, Guy. And then, like there was something. Can you just remind us again what that? What that happened, what what all that was, there was a whole.
David S. Kong: At a sub narrative.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I have to actually look at the session notes, because otherwise it might tell you things you don't know.
Tim Sackton: so right so on. There's a there's a group called the Eightfold Flame.
David S. Kong: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Kenzo created effectively
Tim Sackton: when Kenzo briefly possessed the crown, and you converted all the bureaucrats to be like, expose the evils of J. Light because Faustow had had effectively taken over control of the entire
Tim Sackton: much of the chelate industry by mind controlling
Tim Sackton: a bunch of key bureaucrats and factors and foremen and and things like that, who were important in the keeping the flow of ore flowing to the refineries. So Kenza was like. No, now denounce the evils of chelite, and so they started calling themselves the eightfold flame. After Riswin took control, and they started all preaching about how the
Tim Sackton: The 8 divines hated Chelite.
Tim Sackton: So there was those riots. For a reef time
Tim Sackton: they had taken effectively control of a large part of the north bank.
Tim Sackton: The Magistros had been with the navy fighting
Tim Sackton: Dunmari and Darva, and a large fraction of the army was off retreating from the battle in Sangara
Tim Sackton: When the Majestys returned. He declared martial law
Tim Sackton: ordered legions into the city, blockaded the river bridge.
Tim Sackton: But when you talked to Xavier it was the day after Rizwin took on the quest to free the Orcs, and he said, what was particularly strange is that a bunch of the leaders of the eightfold flame?
Tim Sackton: Just vanished the previous day.
Tim Sackton: no longer any any mind control. So who knows what they wanted to do?
Mike Sackton: Right so. But does this.
Tim Sackton: I'm really.
Mike Sackton: I'm I. I was just reading the session notes, too, and
Mike Sackton: following the links of obsidian, which are all just secrets. But you know, M.
Tim Sackton: Not all of them. The North Lake has a ton of text.
Mike Sackton: Well, I was looking at Andros and Xavier.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, no.
Tim Sackton: The the people are all just the the organizations and people are all just secrets.
Mike Sackton: But we we know this guy, Andrew. So I mean.
Tim Sackton: Well, Xavier knows. Kenzo and Xavier grew up together as like, you know.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I mean, we could find this guy Andrews.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So are we trying, I think.
Mike Sackton: from Deliff's perspective, Deliff is actually
Mike Sackton: here mostly to help Kenzo in his goals, primarily because he feels bad about
Mike Sackton: convincing Kedzo to give up the crown. It was probably the wrong decision.
Mike Sackton: and there's effectively a token for that.
Mike Sackton: So so what does Kenzel want? Given.
David S. Kong: Okay? So
David S. Kong: at the end of all of this, the largest, largest medical is justice. Right? How do we? How do we restore justice and get you know, some some semblance of equity and and you know, power back for all of the people that have been abused and oppressed for so long. That's the highest level goal. Okay.
David S. Kong: eightfold flame. It feels like a moment of instability right now for whatever's going on in the larger resistance movement. So
David S. Kong: I think we should go in there. Figure out like who are kind of the where the power centers are like, who are the people still trying to do stuff right? And then, because the other, like weird thing, is again like this, is like probably the single most instable moment in the recent modern history of charging right? It's like you had foul stone mind controlling a whole bunch of people. For how long like was it? Years? How long was he mind controlling the the
David S. Kong: Tim? Do we know how long he was? He's been mind controlling.
Tim Sackton: You you don't know but
David S. Kong: But years right.
Tim Sackton: Years. Yeah.
David S. Kong: So it's like that stopped
David S. Kong: right? And then it's like all of a sudden, there's a whole bunch of people that are like, Oh, fuck like. What do I do now and then? Kenza briefly, had the crown did a little bit of mind control? Very brief, you know, but then, like a bunch of stuff happened. And that ended. So it's like, it just feels like this like very dynamic fluid moment. And not that we need to emerge as the revolutionary leaders. But we can at least try to figure out like you know.
David S. Kong: who's who here like? And is that like even what is the opposition. Now, like, now that, Fausto, this whole thing dissolved like, is there still a thing to rebel against? You know it's like feels very, very dynamic. We need to learn. Learn some more.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So. So maybe we have 2 approaches here. Right one.
Mike Sackton: We got to stay a little bit hidden and follow up on the eightfold flame people and try to understand who they are. Who this Andres guy is, get a little connection to what has happened to them all?
Mike Sackton: What, what, what are the workers, actually, what are the chainway?
Mike Sackton: You know, one of the people whose lives been ruined by chile? Actually, what like, you know.
Mike Sackton: what are the workers, revolutionaries actually up to? And who are the remaining ones? And how can we help them? Right.
David S. Kong: And also also who, like what is what is the current structure of like the Chelite forces like? Is that dissolved now? Is that still, you know. So we need to like. So, okay, so I think there's 2, we need to figure that out. And then we need to figure out how to clear our names, because we actually should, you know, become, you know.
Mike Sackton: So. But I think there's a there's another approach which there's got to be people in charting who know about a poly.
Mike Sackton: don't you think?
Mike Sackton: Do we think literally? Nobody in Charta knows about Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: That seems unlikely.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So I mean.
Mike Sackton: presumably, if we get the right people in the power structure aware of who we are.
Mike Sackton: they will be grateful and want to do us favors.
David S. Kong: Oh, like the ones that are anti. Pauline.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean the magistrate, for example, owes his entire life to us. He might not know it.
Mike Sackton: He was going to get crushed by Fausto and completely destroyed. If we hadn't killed Apollyon he would have been ended.
David S. Kong: That you see the Emperor mean.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the current.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how we we don't want to. We can't be like, you know, fruits who just march in and say, Okay.
Mike Sackton: right? But there's gotta be a way to find out.
Mike Sackton: We we need to to find out who is sympathetic in the power structure so that we can play that side right.
David S. Kong: Right, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Who would he listen to? Who would also listen to us?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And and I guess Tim, we want to learn this from Xavier, like how bad is it in terms of like Kenzo and deal with. And our prep like, is it like, Oh, everybody knows who we are and what we look like when we're like, fuck those guys, the public.
David S. Kong: I mean, like just another, you know.
Tim Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: By the bureaucrats to.
Tim Sackton: In the slums in the chelite levels, you know, Riverside, and
Tim Sackton: you know the basin is where all the chelate refineries are.
Tim Sackton: Nobody has time to care about that stuff like, you know.
David S. Kong: They're busy surviving.
Tim Sackton: People might have heard rumors right, but you know no, it's
Tim Sackton: it's very unlikely that if you show up at like the foundry market, I mean, if you show up at the foundry market like the fact that you are obviously extremely wealthy, like
Tim Sackton: thousands to millions of times more wealthy than
Tim Sackton: anybody around you will be much more noticeable than the fact that you might resemble the like, not disagree
Tim Sackton: of these people.
Mike Sackton: The so deleth can just alter self. I'm not gonna look like.
Tim Sackton: There!
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we're gonna go and set in disguise like we're gonna be like, subtle.
David S. Kong: So. But.
Mike Sackton: But I mean deal with can at will, I mean deal with, has only used it to turn an aquatic and grow gills and things to swim, but I could change. He just changes appearance to anything.
Tim Sackton: The the bigger concern. So the river bridge, which is what the major bridge across the Chauca.
Tim Sackton: is like, huge, like Fancy bridge. It has, like a magical drawbridge in the middle, so ships can go past, and
Tim Sackton: it is intensely guarded, and the odds that somebody has some magical way to see through illusions
Tim Sackton: on that Brit. I mean.
Tim Sackton: that is, that is where you might run into trouble, even under some kind of magical disguise, although something like animal shapes. Probably nobody's gonna
Tim Sackton: that's too powerful for the average person.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: do we think we guess I don't have any idea of what kind of magic they have in charting would they have?
Mike Sackton: Presumably they wouldn't have something as powerful as Trusa
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: It's unclear to me how
Mike Sackton: what I mean. It's something to find out right. And it's sort of what type of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I think it's gonna depend a lot where we go to like.
Tim Sackton: The most obvious thing is just detect magic.
Tim Sackton: right? Which then pings you, and they pull you aside and somebody cast identify on you like you only need 1st Level spells
Tim Sackton: identify will say that if if you're under a.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Tim Sackton: But if you can beat, detect magic.
Tim Sackton: nobody will notice. That's what that's
Tim Sackton: you would assume that that's what's going. Nobody had nobody, nobody, no guard is standing on the bridge with true sight. Yeah, they're standing on the bridge with the tech magic, and that somebody comes.
Tim Sackton: We're the.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Just pulling them aside and sticking them in a guard room, you know.
Tim Sackton: and then once they're like, Oh, you've got a super powerful spell on you. Then they like ring some alarm, and some much stronger wizard comes to deal with you.
David S. Kong: Alright! Well, so
David S. Kong: let's go. Let's go meet with Xavier, and like kind of have a, you know. Chat with him a little bit more, get the lay of the land.
David S. Kong: And then and then, yeah. And then we can kind of see, you know where we wanna wanna look around because we'll be safe in that part of the town, you know. We'll we can be pretty pretty, you know, chill pretty laid back, and then, you know we can. Then we can see what we're what we're gonna do, where we want to go.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So Chardonian birds that fly.
Tim Sackton: Seagulls, pigeons. There's plenty of ways you can blend in.
Tim Sackton: So as you fly. Approaching the city, the 1st thing that you notice is the still smoldering smoke coming from the north bank. So you see, you see the like broad sweep of the city. You see the towers, the huge spire of the of the University tower, the great library, the domes
Tim Sackton: hundreds of towers that mark the skyline of the south bank, especially the
Tim Sackton: the sort of Old city, the the academic quarter that's you know. There's been a university here for
Tim Sackton: almost, you know, 800 years something like that.
Tim Sackton: And the library has been here over a thousand years.
Tim Sackton: And then the broad spread of the of the city itself.
Tim Sackton: you know, bustling commerce. The huge span of the river bridge. Currently its drawbridge is up. There's a couple of trading ships sailing upriver.
Tim Sackton: extend.
Mike Sackton: It's only gotcha across the river.
Tim Sackton: There's 2 bridges across the river. There's another one further upstream, past the height of navigation called the charted Bridge.
Tim Sackton: On the on the
Tim Sackton: so this broad sweep of the like commercial bustle of the south bank where you you were before. You sort of went through the docks when you came in from the halflings, and you fled out one of the south. The gates on the south wall.
Tim Sackton: the north bank of the Chasa is dominated by the extinct volcano mountain
Tim Sackton: that throws a spur that runs the volcano. It's the sum of the volcano itself is like a mile away from the river, or something like that, but it throws a spur that runs down almost to the edge of the river, falling steeply in unnatural obsidian cliffs
Tim Sackton: on the upriver inland side, and gently sloping down to the flat plains on the down river ocean side. But Kenza would would like sort of be vaguely familiar with this up on the like far side of the mountain era. Spur this like fancy estates. There's like private villas.
Tim Sackton: but you can't really get there from the slums, because there's this obsidian cliffs on the other side. There's also a giant watchtower and a wall that runs along the height of land. Along this spur. The wall then curves down, following the topography of the slope, and forms a sort of bow that surrounds about
Tim Sackton: 2 thirds of the settled area on the north bank
Tim Sackton: downriver. From the wall you can see the chelate refineries, fires, burnings. There's big big cranes like human powered. There's like 16 people that run around a turnstile to lift this crane that then swings over and drops ore from the mill channel. From all these waterways cut that divert water from the chasa, but
Tim Sackton: at least 2 of these giant cranes have been knocked over and smashed. There's at least one refinery. That roof is cracked in completely, and it's it's squat. Chimney has sort of collapsed down. But also something like a 3rd of the chelite levels inside the wall has been just burned to the ground
Tim Sackton: like you see, people kind of scattered around, huddling in ruins, you know, eat, trying to eke out
Tim Sackton: some shelter, still a few fires smoldering in a few places in the city, although it largely seems to have burned itself out.
Tim Sackton: As you go from the sort of down lowlands up the slope, the the bad
Tim Sackton: houses get nicer and you move away from the slums into sort of artisans district up on this, up on the summit terrace area, and that's been
Tim Sackton: less damaged. But largely.
Tim Sackton: you think, because there's just better construction. There's, you know, buildings are plastered and things so fire doesn't spread as quickly. There's still some buildings that
Tim Sackton: got burned.
Tim Sackton: What you're looking for is the foundry market?
Tim Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: Rough and tumble daily market in the chelite level slums
Tim Sackton: on the sort of western edge of the district which hasn't been burned. The fires didn't spread to the very lowlands, the Swampier. There's more water from the chasa, so they were able to prevent them from burning.
Tim Sackton: So you can sort of swoop down, lie around. What are you doing here?
David S. Kong: Yeah, since we're birds. Actually, let's can we? Can we just do like a whole deeper like, is there anything else burning? You said all the fires and stuff are mainly northside near the light. Is there any other signs of disruption other than in those areas.
Tim Sackton: Nothing. Nothing on the south bank.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't seem like the eightfold flame riders ever made it to the south bank.
Tim Sackton: It would be tricky. The river bridge is very well defended, and the and the Chardon Bridge sits right under the fort that guards the spur of Mount Nera, so it would be challenging to
Tim Sackton: assaulted.
Mike Sackton: What's is there a lot of wharfs and docks and boats going across the river.
Tim Sackton: Tons.
Tim Sackton: There's like.
Mike Sackton: Be fairly easy to cross the river on a button. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. There's dozens of small little fairies that
Tim Sackton: Are constantly going back and forth between the north and the
Tim Sackton: and the south bank. Primarily in the sort of the area between the 2 bridges. Is much, is. There's some wharfs on the north bank there, too, that's much richer. The daylight levels. The slums are are downriver of the
Tim Sackton: of the river bridge, and there's
Tim Sackton: many fewer boats that go back and forth there. It's not really anything, I mean. Nobody.
Tim Sackton: Nobody in the Chelite levels has really a reason to cross the river to begin with.
Tim Sackton: And anybody who's carrying chelite goes on the river bridge for safety.
David S. Kong: That's good.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say, when we have some time, let's just like.
Mike Sackton: can we just wear seacalls? Let's land on the roof of a.
Mike Sackton: We'll stall along the river bridge and see what the traffic's like. For a few minutes.
David S. Kong: Well, let's do that. I was gonna go, and even another level of crazy like, where's the Emperor's house?
Tim Sackton: So on the south bank there's there's actually still remnants of 3 rounds of wall building. So the oldest wall surrounds the university. And then there's a second wall. That sort of extends in a
Tim Sackton: it never put this online. Let me ask, turn off the background.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, man.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't in world 20, but I should go.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not online. I'm just holding a picture up to my camera. But I have to leave Immersive view. Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, you have to stop blurring your background background.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I I was trying to get enough time to actually like, put this online. But I didn't.
Tim Sackton: So the thing like, here is like where the chelate factories are all these mill streams that cut across
Tim Sackton: this right here is the chelate levels.
Tim Sackton: You can see the 2 bridges, the river bridge and the Chardon Bridge and Mount Nara, and then, like Number 4, is the University.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: that whole inner wall is like the old city. 6. Precinct 6 is like where the ports are precinct. One is where the sort of imperial administration is.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And what's like? 8 through? What's that outer stretch.
Tim Sackton: So that's like where all of the refugees after the great War settled.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: Outside the walls, and then
Tim Sackton: during the blood years the Chardonians quickly built an outer wall to protect them, because there was they were in so much danger from all the wars. So the last outer wall there that extends
Tim Sackton: along the south, but also the north there wasn't. There hadn't been a north wall until the the Great War. The north wall.
Tim Sackton: and the south wall is. It's not. It's not quite as fancy construction, but it's like big earthen beams.
Mike Sackton: So it wears the.
Tim Sackton: Face.
Mike Sackton: The cliff. Where's the obsidian Cliff?
Tim Sackton: It's like through the middle of 19 or no. No, here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so 19.
Tim Sackton: On the other side, 1919 is is the nicer part of the north bank.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But the like fanciest states are 19.
Tim Sackton: No fancy estates aren't actually incorporated into.
Mike Sackton: They're on the other side of the city.
Tim Sackton: They're on the other side of the cliff. The cliff is like this.
Mike Sackton: Right right right? Right? So they're like on the other side of the river from 60.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. See where it says estates.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. And 20 and 21 are.
Tim Sackton: Those are extramural precincts. 17.
Mike Sackton: Me, or are they nice? What's the.
Tim Sackton: Well, 20. What like? The closer you are to the chelate factor, the slumber you are.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But 8.
Tim Sackton: 20 is probably the the north road that goes up the coast exits through 20,
Tim Sackton: 9, th through 19, and then through 20. So 20 is like
Tim Sackton: inns, taverns, caravan yards, 21 and 17 are kind of, and 18 are kind of slums.
Mike Sackton: So the channel 8 levels is 18, right?
Mike Sackton: 18, is the taillight levels? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: are there? Are there interior walls between the precincts? Or are they just.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: So there's it's not. There's mostly free travel. It's not like there's a.
Tim Sackton: No, no, yeah. Yeah. The administrative.
Tim Sackton: The administrative boundaries were created like 150 years ago, and mostly follow prominent roads.
David S. Kong: Tim, do you wanna just take a picture of that and text it to us.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's a great idea!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a good call.
Mike Sackton: So, yeah, I think, like just flying. I mean, it's like, what's the.
David S. Kong: Also. So okay, so if we're flying around as magic seagulls, where where's like the place where, like the fucking detect magic like wizards and shit are like what what you know like, where's like the places we expect? You're gonna we can fly around versus the places that are gonna be like, all right, you know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, just like.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Goes 30 feet right like it's not only goes.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet. So if you're high enough in the air.
David S. Kong: But like what I want to do is like literally go fly and land on. The Emperor's like, you know, just you know, it's like, like, literally like in a Disney cartoon, or something like that. And like, kind of
David S. Kong: can we actually do that? Or is there gonna be some like, you know, detect magic force field that is like, you know.
Mike Sackton: Probably the magistrate's palace would be a little bit hard to.
Mike Sackton: I wish.
Tim Sackton: Would not count on being able to land on the magist's magistrate's palace itself.
Tim Sackton: and I wouldn't count on being able to land on the river bridge, which is where the a lot I mean, the river bridge is built up right. It's like it's like a sort of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Big gatehouses at both ends of the river bridge.
Tim Sackton: That was for a long time the river bridge was the primary
Tim Sackton: fortification. There was the tower on top of Mount Neera that protected the Chardon Bridge, and then there was the River Bridge Gatehouse, on the north shore.
Mike Sackton: But but but presumably there's I mean is the is the river bridge like? I don't know the Rialto like tons of traffic and shops and stuff like that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, so is it difficult.
Tim Sackton: Wider. Actually, it's like 4 carts go abreast.
Mike Sackton: So does it seem particularly difficult to land on the top of a on the roof of a shop.
Tim Sackton: No, probably not.
Mike Sackton: Obviously you might not fly through the gatehouse.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: But actually, I don't know that there's any. I mean, it's worth just observing like, are there like
Mike Sackton: big sets of guards? Are they like checking everybody coming from the North carefully. Does it feel like heightened security, or like, what's the.
Tim Sackton: Well at the moment. The actually the drawbridge is up.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: And nobody nobody.
Mike Sackton: How do all the shops work with the drawbridge? Do they just like
Mike Sackton: there's a big arch span that approaches the drawbridge, and then there's a middle part that just.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, yes, it's all magic. So it's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's raised by basically levitation levers. But so it's just the center chain.
Mike Sackton: So it probably should just be. It should really just be one piece.
Tim Sackton: It actually probably isn't goes off.
Tim Sackton: Just raises up like this. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the very middle of the river bridge is not built up.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it seems like places to start like we. We could go.
Mike Sackton: Charity, and teenagers really sorry. Go ahead, and teenagers have a dare to be on the levitating bridge when it goes off right.
Tim Sackton: The river is very wide. This is like the Thames, not the Seine. Right? This is, you know, this is,
Tim Sackton: maybe not quite half a mile, but it's like 3 tenths, 4 tenths of a mile across the river.
Tim Sackton: So this this bridge is like a
Tim Sackton: incredible feat of engineering, right, just like a huge bridge that crosses the river.
Mike Sackton: So to start the bridge. What's were you going to suggest something else for it? Lovely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, yeah, I mean, if if we're we could go directly to try and have the conversation with the magistrates immediately, it seems like we could go to the university would probably be a place where there's people who understand the significance of what's just happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or we could go to the slums and try and see what's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the earth? Excuse me to the the channel levels. Right? Yeah, for that.
David S. Kong: Well, I think we transform out of birds at the chain light like that's that's where we. But it's just like, Do we want to just, you know, cruise around.
Mike Sackton: I I would cruise around as birds, for around a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Just get a sense like.
David S. Kong: Let's go to Fausto' old Tower, too. I wanna see what the fuck is going on there.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. Totally.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Wait. And okay.
David S. Kong: Still, with us.
Tim Sackton: Secret 3 is with you, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay. But how many secrets are there right now?
Tim Sackton: Well, right now there's only 2, but both seeker, prime and Seeker 3
Tim Sackton: seem to remember that they made another secret at 1 point so decided to call the new seeker they just created Seeker 3.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: Actually sure.
David S. Kong: Anybody else concerned that seekers personality is starting to kinda like Merge with, who's the other dwarf on our ship?
Mike Sackton: Project.
David S. Kong: They're like. They're like personalities are converging in a little in a slip.
Tim Sackton: Always been bad influences on.
Mike Sackton: They are back to us.
Tim Sackton: Them on the ship by themselves.
Mike Sackton: Terrible idea.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: Absolutely. I am totally concerned.
David S. Kong: But we should.
Tim Sackton: They're obviously going to test the submarine mode.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we told them to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's check. How says Tara, though.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's go check. But what's what's range on a clairvoyance?
Mike Sackton: A mile.
Tim Sackton: A mile, but you have to shift out of bird form to cast.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, totally. But I'm just wondering, like, if we end up in the slums. Maybe we can do a little clairvoyancing of a bunch of different places. But all right, yeah, let's go check out Fauso's tower after we go to the bridge.
Mike Sackton: And and just so let's let's check out the bridge and fastest tower first, st and then reassess.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Sounds. Great.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So the bridge?
Tim Sackton: It definitely. I mean, there's definitely
Tim Sackton: very much heightened guard on the north gate.
Tim Sackton: In fact, it seems like like the ridge is just kept up, and then only lowered at occasional moments
Tim Sackton: to allow carts to pass. There's a big queue of
Tim Sackton: of carts waiting of, you know, wagons sort of milling around waiting for the bridge to be lowered to past, and there's very little traffic on the on the north side shops. The south side is still like fairly like people will come onto the bridge to, you know
Tim Sackton: shop and then go back right. But
Tim Sackton: It does not feel it does not look kinda normal to you, just with your long sense of how to judge
Tim Sackton: security arrangements and things like. Clearly, there's heightened security.
Tim Sackton: Fastus Tower has a
Tim Sackton: 8 guards in wizard robes posted outside, and there's a giant like warning sign on the door, a rune of some kind, and do not enter danger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Under new management.
Mike Sackton: We should just like, I want to just show up and talk to the guards and be like
Mike Sackton: what happened to this guy. Are you worried.
David S. Kong: Well, well, we could. I mean, we're we're gonna immediately try to get arrested and shit because we're not.
Mike Sackton: Now, yeah, I mean, disguise. Self ultra self helps.
Mike Sackton: Literal disguise is also a thing we could do right like
Mike Sackton: you don't need to use magic for everything we could like, literally just do a bit of disguise.
David S. Kong: That's true.
Mike Sackton: Right, a combination of magic and disguise right? Even you could even disguise yourself and then alter self. So if you dispel the altar self. You still look disguised
Mike Sackton: right? Like I'm I'm I don't think we should. I mean, I think
Mike Sackton: it's not like. My impression would be that it's not like every person we meet, has our
Mike Sackton: faces memorized, and even if they do, it's not going to be photographic, right? Like, even if you were thinking about like FBI. 10 most wanted. It's not like every cop on America would recognize some well publicized person.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'm with you, and.
Mike Sackton: But I'm not suggesting we show up without a disguise.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else, though, like Tim, as we're going through over the city? Is there anything else I miss like? Is, are there other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Weird police presence? Are there some quarters that are patrolled by different sets of guards entirely, or like? Is it? Is it a city in conflict with itself, or like, what's the what's the vibe.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, go go ahead and roll something, roll like a investigation check.
Mike Sackton: Why do you ask Welby to roll dice for skills.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true!
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's at least a 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you're proficient in investigation.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Why do I ask? Yeah. I mean.
Tim Sackton: you get the feeling that since the
Tim Sackton: I mean. It's there's definitely more like there's legionary soldiers that are just kind of like. The last time you were in charge you just saw the the city guard the the
Tim Sackton: pride Conti villages, the the like. City watch you didn't see like
Tim Sackton: Legionary Legionary soldiers marching around in groups of 8, with armor and weapons.
Tim Sackton: That's clearly happening now.
Tim Sackton: So there's definitely some kind of heightened defenses. But.
David S. Kong: And sorry. The the height.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't seem like they're on high, alert.
David S. Kong: But the heightened defense is this, is this is coming from the magistrate.
Tim Sackton: Magistrates, the legions are unpredictable. You actually don't know who I mean.
Tim Sackton: Fausto's like controlled person was the general of the armies. No, you're not sure what happened to him now that he's not under anybody's control.
Tim Sackton: and the legions will generally owe the legionary soldiers will owe their allegiance to
Tim Sackton: you know, to their commander up the chain, and it's sort of a
Tim Sackton: I mean. Historically, the magistrates has usually commanded the loyalty of the
Tim Sackton: legions, which is how you stay, the magistrates.
Tim Sackton: But things are, I mean, a lot of stuff is up in the air right now, and so you can't necessarily be a hundred percent sure that any individual legionary will be loyal.
Mike Sackton: And the magic versus power base is the may be as well right, so.
Tim Sackton: This Magister's power base as the navy, and especially the the wind collars, the naval wizards who are actually based, not out of Chardon, but out of
Tim Sackton: Bertolia, near the canal.
Mike Sackton: Are there any like naval patrols around any big names.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: In the in the river.
Tim Sackton: There are a few. There are a few navy ships, but
Tim Sackton: the bulk of the navy is, as far as you know, still blockading Darba.
Mike Sackton: But the magistrate clearly didn't bring back like 50 ships.
Tim Sackton: Back did not bring back the magistrates definitely did not bring back the full maid. Baby.
Mike Sackton: So he probably go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was gonna say, flying over the magistrate's quarter. It's not like the magistrate's, not like obviously under house arrest or something like that.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, no.
David S. Kong: Part of me wants to like, go in disguise and then take the Emperor Hostage just for fun.
David S. Kong: just because we're powerful enough to do it, but we really shouldn't do that. No, we should.
Mike Sackton: That part of me wants to just go to the guards guarding fastest tower. Be like.
Mike Sackton: do you guys need some help cleaning this up.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, let's go. Do that. You can go, be in disguise, do whatever?
David S. Kong: Why not?
Mike Sackton: I think that's the wrong way to approach it. I think we need to like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're keeping people out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we we need to like, ask around like.
Mike Sackton: but it it might be a way in, right, like, spread a spread, a quiet rumor that
Mike Sackton: we that you know the people who killed Fausto are worried about things in his tower
Mike Sackton: and have some. You know something.
David S. Kong: I mean, we could also take the approach of just being kind of reckless, and just be really powerful and reckless, and then see what happens. You know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we should do that. I'm actually all in on powerfully request. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there's an argument for just knocking on the front door of the magistrate's palace and being like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're here, we got some things to talk about. Let's chat.
David S. Kong: Seriously like, I'm like, Yeah, let's go talk to Xavier. He's gonna he's not gonna know shit. He's a fucking street kid like like we can learn about the revolutionaries, which is useful. I think we should do that. Let's go there.
Mike Sackton: Let's go find and let's go to the foundry market. DC. Gull find Andros.
David S. Kong: Yeah, cause.
David S. Kong: Right? Okay.
David S. Kong: if we're going to be reckless and powerful, which I think we should, we should at least make sure we're reckless and powerful, and know who we're not trying to hurt, you know. I mean, we want to make sure our recklessness and powerfulness does not like impact certain folks key entities. So let's go figure that out, and then let's just go like, do crazy shit like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think reckless and powerful, is a synonym for direct and effective.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could just yeah, that's I mean, at some level. If somebody stops us like using magic, we could just be like.
Mike Sackton: well, can you bring us to your leader? And we'll explain why.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, anyway, let's let's DC, I mean, I'm gonna alter South to not look like an elf
Mike Sackton: right as far as.
David S. Kong: You said it's a cinnamon for what ineffective.
Mike Sackton: It's like direct and effective, direct.
Tim Sackton: And effective.
Mike Sackton: I will alter self to look like a human
Mike Sackton: similar build, to dealt with nothing like wildly different but just human.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So just right now you're all in. You're all seagulls. So if you want to alt yourself, you have to land somewhere, turn from a seagull.
David S. Kong: We're landing. And we're going to the we're going to the light. We're gonna we're gonna go rendezvous with Xavier.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we have to find somewhere. That's slightly.
Mike Sackton: I assume it's relatively trivial to find an.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Somewhere. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Where there are no people immediately there and then.
Tim Sackton: yeah, right in, especially in the slums.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, problem at all.
Mike Sackton: We just we're not going to like transform. We're not going to land in the middle of a busy square and be like Ta-da. We're not sneakalls anymore.
Tim Sackton: Something like this.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Quite like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Without the person that person could be you.
Tim Sackton: So you fly as seagulls. Now, having done a little bit of scouting over to
Tim Sackton: the the slums flying through the sort of burned areas of the chile levels. There are guards on the walls here, but they and you occasionally see a few of the sort of city watch.
Tim Sackton: you know you sort of do a loop over the foundry market, where you see, you know, a couple of
Tim Sackton: city watch.
Tim Sackton: Just kind of standing around, but seemingly not
Tim Sackton: not too interested in what's going on. There's like a some guy in yeah.
Tim Sackton: in sort of nicer looking robes is like standing up on a on a turned over
Tim Sackton: wagon sort of preaching something about the evils of Chelate and the healing power of the 8 divines.
Tim Sackton: You know, swinging through the market people look like in pretty rough shape, right like there's
Tim Sackton: bread. There's people standing in lines waiting for stale bread from an associate of this of this priest. There's the market isn't really operating exactly. There's like a few people sort of. There's like one tavern that's still standing.
Tim Sackton: but you duck out the there once was a big ornate fountain in the center of the plaza. Now
Tim Sackton: crack! No water anymore. Filled with trash. Refuse
Tim Sackton: sort of duck through these narrow alleys, overhanging sort of timber frame buildings, just sort of flying up above and dip down just the sort of side alley right next to where Kenzo Seagull Kenzo points out where Xavier's apartment is
Tim Sackton: and transform into into yourselves. Well, anybody who wants to can stay a Seagull for a little bit.
David S. Kong: Xavier, there.
Tim Sackton: Well, right now you're in the back alley.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Just if anybody wants to disguise themselves or change their appearance in any way.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, I'm gonna as soon as I transform from a seagull I will alter self to be a.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: To be similar, I mean again, just different. No Alpha. Ears, shorter, hair
Mike Sackton: slightly shorter, Bill, slightly different. Face
Mike Sackton: right? But not like a major.
Tim Sackton: Okay, but you all still look.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you look very out of place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Although I'll I'll have my armor match Chardonian clothes for a halfling.
Tim Sackton: Right. But you're still carrying.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, obviously magical bow and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's.
Tim Sackton: Kansas, wearing a cloak made out of dragon scales.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That stands out a little bit. Huh?
David S. Kong: Is there.
Tim Sackton: You can. You can fit into a certain extent, but it's hard to avoid looking like powerful adventurers unless you really make an effort.
David S. Kong: We use? Are there other illusionary things we can do to mask ourselves cantrips? Or I guess we can do some cantrips right. But I don't know if that's enough to.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Kenzo has any illusions Kenzo has, like the
Tim Sackton: I mean, presumably just thinking ahead. Kenzo doesn't want to change his appearance too much, because you want.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, but I just mean, like.
Tim Sackton: They're going to recognize you.
David S. Kong: Yeah, of course, but I mean more. Just so like my cloak isn't like a dragon steel cloak, and my staff isn't obviously like just like it. It looks just like a regular staff, instead of like a fucking crazy like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you don't. You don't really have anything.
David S. Kong: Then fuck it. Who cares? It doesn't matter. Reckless and powerful, direct and effective.
Mike Sackton: I mean, right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I I'm gonna like
Mike Sackton: I mean, dealt with actually doesn't have much that works super powerful other than.
Tim Sackton: Mean you're sealed.
Mike Sackton: Other than the shield.
Tim Sackton: Armor, which is not like incredibly obvious. But it's not.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but I'll take a few minutes. I mean, I'll just, you know, dress a little bit to look.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to like hide having armor, but like
Mike Sackton: my armor, pretty much tucks under clothes, anyway. Right? I don't mind if it peaks out a little bit, but like it's not going to be obvious, like.
Mike Sackton: you know, and I'm not carrying a sword, I mean, I'll sling my shield under a cloak right?
Mike Sackton: So it's not obvious. Not again. Not like.
Mike Sackton: not like really trying super hard to like, look poor, but just hiding the most obvious. Like, yeah, really, it's really only
Mike Sackton: it's really only my shield, which is like obviously crazy.
Tim Sackton: I mean, ring the ring of sharp mind
Tim Sackton: some things you can handle. I get what you're saying, minimizing the impact. But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I also like. I appreciate the point, Tim, that like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can't move like just the way we move through the world, like the way we walk through that space is.
Mike Sackton: Wow, I mean, we can.
Mike Sackton: We can. Yes, but no, I'm not too worried about. I'm not gonna like
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna like, I don't. I don't want to be mistaken for peasant.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Kenza leads you to.
Mike Sackton: That would be terrible right? I'm already not looking like an elf. Come on, that's a that's a big enough sacrifice, right.
Tim Sackton: You. You make your way,
Tim Sackton: around the corner through this this alley. Enter the
Tim Sackton: the 1st floor door of this timber frame building and head up the worn stairs.
Tim Sackton: To where Kenzo says Xavier lives with his mother and his sister on the 3rd floor. You!
Tim Sackton: There's there's nothing you come out on the stairs, and
Tim Sackton: This is like our high school back of the.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm doing. Yes.
David S. Kong: Just preserving it all for the record, you know.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the I mean. The door is cracked open, and there's not even really room for all of you on the landing, anyway, and with the sound of
Tim Sackton: 3 people and a seagull tramping up the stairs. Anyway. A somewhat, you know, middle-aged, but looks
Tim Sackton: tired, wearing like repeatedly mended sort of
Tim Sackton: somewhat stained, but well taken care of.
Tim Sackton: tunic and and robes and things.
Tim Sackton: hair going white and sort of pulled, pulled back into a bun. Maybe in her mid fifties. Woman, kind of just stares at you.
Tim Sackton: and you can, as she pulls the door open into this one room apartment with
Tim Sackton: draw palette, with 2 beds sort of
Tim Sackton: pushed on it. A hearth.
Tim Sackton: you know, a spinning wheel, a small table, and that's about it.
Tim Sackton: Kenza, you recognize Xavier? Just kind of lounging
Tim Sackton: lying on on one of these straw
Tim Sackton: one of the 2 straw pallets.
Tim Sackton: Just kind of idly. He's got a knife, and he's like playing with a knife like
Tim Sackton: you know, just fiddling, not really paying attention.
David S. Kong: Can! Oh, good!
Tim Sackton: Also in the room is, so this older woman, you presume, must be
Tim Sackton: Francisca, who's Xavier's mother? Who you've you've met, but you know she doesn't particularly wouldn't necessarily particularly remember you.
Tim Sackton: Also, in the room is a woman a few years older than
Tim Sackton: Xavier, probably his older sister, who again you've met a couple of times, but don't know particularly well. Short shoulder length.
Tim Sackton: curly black hair looks
Tim Sackton: undernourished and skinny. Sitting at the spinning wheel kind of spinning, spinning thread as Xavier kind of jumps up. There's basically not really enough room for all
Tim Sackton: 6 of you in the apartment at the same time. But Javier jumps off, shocked and kind of surprised as
Tim Sackton: he sees Kenzo like double take, and then his like mouth kind of drops, and Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Good to see you, man.
David S. Kong: you're looking, is he looking about? How's he looking? Does he look healthy like soul site? Is he like us? How's he doing.
Tim Sackton: I mean he's fine. He's
Tim Sackton: he's not. He doesn't seem to be particularly sick, or I mean, everybody looks a bit undernourished.
Tim Sackton: There's definitely not a lot of food to go around these days.
Tim Sackton: you know. He's he looks bored. You know. He's pretty.
Tim Sackton: He's like a pretty burly, muscular guy, right like he's a brawler. He's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, a hired tough for the eightfold flame these days. That's how he knows Andros is the guy who's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, we need some brawlers. Come, help
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He seems. Okay. It's just like, you know, the difference like this used to be Kenza right? And Kenza has gone on this whole journey, and, you know, ran away from charter and fleeing
Tim Sackton: criminal criminals, and then turned into this super powerful, like centered, soulful monk, member of multiple
Tim Sackton: mystic orders. And Xavier is just still the street tough.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't seem to have grown up much.
David S. Kong: Well, it's good to see you. Thanks for letting us stop by here.
David S. Kong: We just arrived into the city.
Tim Sackton: Just still kind of shaking his hand like 8 gods, man, what happened? You.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, this is a Welby, and then this is dealt with the elf.
David S. Kong: I know it's an elf pretty crazy, but.
Tim Sackton: He just kind of shakes his head.
David S. Kong: If you're hungry, he's really good at making makes a mean he's a good cook. He's pretty good at that.
Mike Sackton: Skinza.
David S. Kong: No.
Mike Sackton: Says that sincerely that wasn't like it. That didn't come out sincere, but.
David S. Kong: What's what's the what's the? What time of day is it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you got to chart at around noon. You might have spent like an hour flying around
Tim Sackton: before you transformed early afternoon shit.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Sorry to interrupt your day, but
David S. Kong: It's good to see you.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to say. I
Tim Sackton: just still kind of shaking his head in shock, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, I had that dream man and I
Tim Sackton: I have to say I didn't really believe it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's it's pretty weird out there. A lot a lot has happened since we were last together, that is, for sure. Well, look, you know I we don't want to impose and it's great to see you and your family.
David S. Kong: But yeah, you know deal with this, if you, if you all haven't had lunch yet, we can, you know, relax for a little bit. If you wanna, you know, we can catch up over over a meal. If y'all y'all.
Tim Sackton: Not gonna say no to food. It's been tough around here.
David S. Kong: Since the fires especially.
David S. Kong: Telepathically.
David S. Kong: do we need to give you any ingredients to mix? I you just I feel like you just make things. Maybe we should like, what? What are.
Mike Sackton: That one has a magic cooking badge. You just.
David S. Kong: I thought you did. Yeah, you had a okay. Yeah. It kept.
Mike Sackton: It can't create a big meal, but I can also send my.
Mike Sackton: I can also send the spirit animals from my shield out to gather food.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: They just gather whatever's around.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Takes it. That takes a couple.
David S. Kong: Do it.
Mike Sackton: Just a few.
David S. Kong: People. I could just pull stuff out of my cooking poach. I think it holds like 5 pounds.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, dealt with, if you don't mind. I mean, I think the you know, Xavier. There, the food food's not is a little scarce out here these days, so I don't know if you're dealt with. If you're up for it, I think they would appreciate the the meal.
Mike Sackton: Have sure.
Mike Sackton: I'm happy to
Mike Sackton: Xavier. Give Kenzel gives Xavier like a little elbow like when's the last time you had an elf cook for you. Huh?
Mike Sackton: I mean, that will start taking like.
Tim Sackton: Never.
Mike Sackton: I'll take like some ingredients, you know, a whole chicken out of this magic, out of this pouch
Mike Sackton: some carrots, some stew, you know, some stew ingredients, if you like exotic spices that you know
Mike Sackton: some Alvin Herb that nobody smelled before. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Crush it a little bit with his fingers, and like scattered in the air, you know. Scatter the aroma in the air as he starts to cook.
Mike Sackton: The senses are important, every sense not just eating.
Tim Sackton: Xavier's just kind of like still just shaking his head like Man Kenzel, you
Tim Sackton: you really got it good, huh?
David S. Kong: Well, I mean we'll see what happens. But leaving Chardon it was hard, but the best thing that ever happened to me, you know, so
David S. Kong: sometimes it's good to have a change of scenery, you know.
David S. Kong: But yeah, how are how are things here? What's going on? I mean, you. You told me a little bit in the dream. But what's like?
David S. Kong: How's everything unfolding for you? You right now?
David S. Kong: How are the people.
Tim Sackton: There was no work. Man, you know, I mean
Tim Sackton: do a little fighting now and then. And there's like a you know. You can tell that his sister is like
Tim Sackton: shaking her head, and like when he starts fighting you know, she like
Tim Sackton: makes a sort of grr sort of noise.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, I I mean, Andra says
Tim Sackton: it's gonna it can only get better from here.
Tim Sackton: I honestly don't know. Glad I don't have to make decisions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who is making decisions these days.
Tim Sackton: Don't think anybody right.
Mike Sackton: We're hoping to meet Andres. Is that something you can arrange.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, a lot of them hang out down at the cackling swan.
Tim Sackton: Hey?
Tim Sackton: Just kind of shaking his head. I
Tim Sackton: I'm sure you can meet anybody you want
Tim Sackton: daring sort of a deal with the food in Dallas hand.
Tim Sackton: I.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it'd be great to speak with Andres.
Tim Sackton: You know, it's not like, not like anybody has anything to do anymore. I mean.
Tim Sackton: I guess there's still a few folks manning the barricades in the riverside, but.
David S. Kong: You saw some things on fire when we were coming into the city. What's going on there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there was a big fire
Tim Sackton: about 3, 4 days ago.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how a starter, but you know, fires right?
Tim Sackton: Spread like nothing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, not like lot of the
Tim Sackton: the mail channel had already been damned up and
Tim Sackton: been a dry month.
Tim Sackton: I don't know a burden a lot.
David S. Kong: So how much intentional versus just.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's been folks setting fires out on the in the basin for weeks now, and
Tim Sackton: some of them get caught, and some of them don't, and
Tim Sackton: I don't think one of them would have burned down our houses. But who can say things? Aren't.
Tim Sackton: Things are crazy out there, man? I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah, it's.
David S. Kong: What's what's crazy like? What's what do you mean?
Tim Sackton: All the fighting.
Tim Sackton: I don't mind a brawl now and again, but.
David S. Kong: Who's fighting? Who?
Tim Sackton: Well for a while. It was, I guess, the eightfold flame some fun times charging
Tim Sackton: into the factories and knocking over cranes. And you know
Tim Sackton: bullying people around. But then the legions came back and things got rough.
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm a i'm a, you know.
Tim Sackton: Punch and wrestle kind of guy
Tim Sackton: tangling with somebody in armor and spears.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's not fun.
Tim Sackton: Of course, shoot you with bows from the wall. It's
Tim Sackton: that's just a death sentence, man.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But now everything's burned. There's not any work to begin with, and nobody's.
Tim Sackton: you know. My sister won't let me go join the barricades. I'm not sure I want to. Anyway, I guess it would be a good fight.
David S. Kong: Are they recruiting? Is there like conscription happening, or something? Or what.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Andros asked me a few days ago if I wanted to.
Tim Sackton: I had a brawl in me, and you know, yeah. But
Tim Sackton: and he said, Oh, yeah, we're
Tim Sackton: building some barricades out in Riverside, and that
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I don't trust.
Tim Sackton: Out there beyond the walls there's like a thousand soldiers camp up along the trade road.
Tim Sackton: They're gonna sweep through and wipe everyone out there right? I mean, they've got to.
Mike Sackton: Just reminded me, Tim, where are these barricades? I missed something on them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: They're north of the wall, or do we not know where they are?
Tim Sackton: He hasn't been exactly clear, but the basin which he mentioned is like where the
Tim Sackton: the channels are. It's like precinct 17. It's west. It's west of here down river. That's like where the
Mike Sackton: Okay. And
Mike Sackton: what are the what are they hoping to achieve with these guarantees? Keep people from reopening chile or something else.
Mike Sackton: or just have a fight.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there used to be organized man, I mean.
Tim Sackton: 2 weeks ago Andres came to me. He's like, we've got a whole plan.
Tim Sackton: No sorry. 3 weeks ago Andres came to me. We've got a got a whole plan like, you know.
Tim Sackton: The leaders know the ins and outs of
Tim Sackton: every ore shipment all the weaknesses of the mining conglomerates and Volterra like
Tim Sackton: we're going to take them down from the inside, and nothing.
David S. Kong: And you said Andros's behavior changed recently, too.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: yeah. I mean, Xavier, if you don't mind. Maybe you can help. Just you know. Set up a meet with with Andros a little later today.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I've got nothing else to do. I
Tim Sackton: go down to the crackling squan, every
Tim Sackton: cackling swan every night these days.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But why don't you bring us? Why don't you bring us with you?
Mike Sackton: Should we just invite him for lunch?
David S. Kong: It's not a bad idea. Yeah. Would you come here.
Tim Sackton: He looks around.
Tim Sackton: Don't I mean, it's another person will not fit in this room like there is literally not enough space.
David S. Kong: Better.
Tim Sackton: I'm not. I'm not sure where he is during the day. To be honest.
David S. Kong: Let's find him tonight. Let's find him tonight.
Mike Sackton: We want to meet him at the at the inn. I guess.
David S. Kong: Yeah. The cackling Swan.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's where a bunch of them hang out every night.
Tim Sackton: Big talk shrugs the shoulders that I used to be optimistic.
David S. Kong: I'll stay optimistic. There's good things happening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Might be a little rough for a bit, but.
Mike Sackton: Not as rough as well.
David S. Kong: We'll be better on the other side.
Mike Sackton: It's getting better.
Mike Sackton: The big dangers our past now we're into the little dangers.
Tim Sackton: It's out of glass, really.
Mike Sackton: I guess. Where do you?
Mike Sackton: You and all.
Tim Sackton: Where do you put starvation and sickness?
Tim Sackton: Are those big or little? They seem pretty big to us right now.
Mike Sackton: They are
Mike Sackton: small compared to your soul being eaten by an undead monster, but.
David S. Kong: Xavier. Just elves have a way of bringing perspective, you know. It's just their that's their thing.
David S. Kong: 30 days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Live a long time. I mean he's so old he's so old.
Tim Sackton: Has.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Very well.
Mike Sackton: Want to give you nightmares, worry, not starvation. Big problem has.
Tim Sackton: Sister in the corner kind of her eyes perk up, and she turns and looks at you when you say that.
Tim Sackton: Have you fought undead monsters you've clearly fought. You must have stories.
Mike Sackton: Some yes.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Come on! Kenzo is your friend shy.
David S. Kong: Oh, he's definitely not shy.
Mike Sackton: Stories,
Mike Sackton: hmm!
Mike Sackton: I guess the best story really might be
Mike Sackton: the time we killed a dragon.
Mike Sackton: Bad, Dad, the 3, rd the 3rd one is probably the best story.
Tim Sackton: You. You've seen 3 dragons.
Mike Sackton: Down.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna have to tell Camilla this.
Mike Sackton: Free.
David S. Kong: Have we seen more? We've killed 3.
David S. Kong: Who's Kanoa?
Tim Sackton: Camilla.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
Tim Sackton: We see each other sometimes.
Tim Sackton: The.
David S. Kong: Right, which.
Tim Sackton: Other, sometimes.
David S. Kong: Tim, who I know, do I know where that is?
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Who's who's Camilla?
Tim Sackton: She kind of blushed a little. I think my girlfriend.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's so cute.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: Well, Ragebdros is a is kind of a
Mike Sackton: entertaining story, a little less scary than some of them, so you know it's a good one for a meal.
Tim Sackton: Well, you know I've always this is Adina, his sister, speaking.
Tim Sackton: I always love those stories of faraway places.
Tim Sackton: and and your food is very good, but in a little moment of Chardonian pride she says, have you ever had pineapples.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I'm sure I've had pineapples. Yes, yes, I've had pineapple. I'm just thinking, yeah, of course. Yes, I've had pineapples.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: It's not really you know. I've come to like Damari food quite a bit.
Tim Sackton: She kind of of course you must be very well traveled.
Tim Sackton: Have you been to the south like beyond the seas where pineapples come from?
David S. Kong: Where do pineapples come from?
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Know, but like way south, they're not like native to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Calgar.
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: You know we haven't checked in in a while, though.
Mike Sackton: I'll look over at Wellbee. You heard anything from Mike.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you?
Mike Sackton: Possible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no! I wonder where they are by now.
Mike Sackton: We should check in on him, don't we? Can we? Just
Mike Sackton: those aren't single use. But I I'm now speaking.
Mike Sackton: Use it whenever we want right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll pull that one out and take a look. What? What are they up to at the moment.
Tim Sackton: They are currently sailing through a narrow channel between 2 islands.
Tim Sackton: Very lush sort of tropical steep mountain islands. like
Tim Sackton: jungle sort of descending all the way down to the water.
Tim Sackton: And the ship is. It's it's dead calm.
Tim Sackton: But the ship is moving very fast
Tim Sackton: and you can see like
Tim Sackton: so, looking from the mast, you can see Milo at the at the front of the ship, with like looking out sort of sort of peering it at something.
Tim Sackton: And then the the the ship suddenly stops for a minute, and you see, like a
Tim Sackton: a a fluke of a giant whale sort of wave at him, and then he yells, it's working, Tilly.
Mike Sackton: I think our friends have found the South. I'll say to it today.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is just everybody can see this right? It's just like a picture.
Tim Sackton: It's just like a it's just like a a movie projector from the eye. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spots.
Tim Sackton: Everybody is like John just has dropped in this
Tim Sackton: have to tell Camilla about this May.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we can.
Tim Sackton: Amazing, just amazing.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, I'll tell a story about a lightly edited story that doesn't mention Shamut or Apollyon about how we found the circular islands
Mike Sackton: met Dimitar. I won't mention Rai, but I'll you know, talk up, Dimitar, but like.
Tim Sackton: So you talk for a bit. Everybody's very impressed.
Tim Sackton: Everybody eats hungrily.
Tim Sackton: Francesca. The mom is like pretty quiet and just kind of stays at the back, but
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: You know, and Xavier's got his sort of like.
Tim Sackton: Can't believe it's you, Kenzo, like
Tim Sackton: what's happened like you're so amazing now. Adina is sort of quite
Tim Sackton: like. She clearly likes hearing stories of
Tim Sackton: far away places and and keeps, you know, sort of talking about so amazing.
Tim Sackton: And you gather over the course of the conversation, that you know, Camilla, her partner, is
Tim Sackton: somehow involved in, like a group of priests that have been preaching against Chelate for a while.
Tim Sackton: She's not, you know, both. Xavier is not particularly religious, or is Francisca, but both
Tim Sackton: Adina and Camilla are like pretty.
Tim Sackton: you know, devoted to the 8 divines to Mas Numana. Conversation goes on for a little while.
Tim Sackton: If there's anything you wanna bring up or discuss or do before, like the evening meal when.
David S. Kong: I'm ready.
Mike Sackton: Well, there's 2 things
Mike Sackton: we should go, but there's a few things I want to do. I forgot, of course, that my links can just carry messages to anybody I can name.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So so let's just send a message to the baptistry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I, like it.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna I as soon as we have some privacy. I'm just gonna summon my links and
Mike Sackton: dictate a message that basically says
Mike Sackton: my name is dealt with. I'm here with my companions, you know. I'm with my companions, well-being
Mike Sackton: and Kenzo. We have recently returned from the ruins of dream corps and have
Mike Sackton: much information about the
Mike Sackton: Stop.
Mike Sackton: Recent events, both here and abroad.
Mike Sackton: that have so disrupted your city.
Mike Sackton: including Faustus's final days and moments
Mike Sackton: and the end of a Polyon
Mike Sackton: and what he was trying to achieve.
Mike Sackton: We thought a meeting would be
Mike Sackton: valuable, but I wanted to send this message, as I know, there's a false story that
Mike Sackton: myself and Kenzo were implicated in crimes in Charlin, and we didn't want to
Mike Sackton: trouble your guards overly much with. We don't want to trouble you with you know
Mike Sackton: I don't. I don't have a better way of phrasing this, but you know it didn't wanna like burst into the city, you know, and be like, Hey guards. So so we're sending this message, and we're hoping that he can arrange an audience.
Mike Sackton: of some nature, and please give us instructions for what he would, what he would like us to do.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I'll add, as a Ps. I hear fast. This is Tower. May not yet be safe.
Mike Sackton: We would certainly be glad and willing to assist in eliminating whatever dangers might
Mike Sackton: assist. There be having some experience with Fausos's.
Mike Sackton: Them.
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of hint that we are somewhat explicitly say, yeah, we can't sell stuff.
Mike Sackton: So we're happy to go.
Mike Sackton: Wiped out his talent, too, if you need any help.
Mike Sackton: and I'll send my links off.
David S. Kong: Are you gonna say where we're gonna meet him like, or they're just.
Mike Sackton: Dinosaurs. No, he's gonna give us instructions of when.
David S. Kong: But how?
Mike Sackton: Links, carries a message back.
Tim Sackton: A message back.
David S. Kong: Oh, cool! Oh, great! Alright! Yeah, that sounds awesome. Let's do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's so good.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Perfect, direct, and effective. Let's go talk. Let's go talk to Andrews.
Mike Sackton: And then we'll go talk to Andres while I'm waiting for a response.
David S. Kong: Yeah, perfect.
David S. Kong: Okay, we're gonna we're gonna do this chartered adventure in 1 1. We'll be done by. We'll be done in an hour and a half. I think we're we're on our way.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Thou that evening?
Tim Sackton: You set out through the short alleyway with Andros, or sorry with Xavier. To the cackling swan.
Tim Sackton: It's you know the the market is now like fairly empty at 6 30 Pm.
Tim Sackton: the tavern is moderately crowded.
Tim Sackton: And it's you know, it's clearly like
Tim Sackton: You know, this is the one place where where people still gather like a lot of the
Tim Sackton: a lot of the district has burned down. There's probably a lot of you know, you know, people who are
Tim Sackton: destitute and and just kinda like trying to find a place to sleep. But
Tim Sackton: you know, this is
Tim Sackton: This is like the central hub of the resistance
Tim Sackton: to an extent. And so when you open the door, it's like quiet from the outside. But when Xavier leads you to the door 1st of all, like even to the extent to which you're trying to hide your sort of
Tim Sackton: right adventuring proudness, you have a presence that nobody else in this room has anything close to Matching, right? So the tavern goes quiet as you approach, and everybody just kind of looks towards
Tim Sackton: towards Xavier. There's like, you know, a few dozen people scattered around. There's like a sort of oval shaped bar.
Tim Sackton: just you know a hearth with a big pot. There's no like menus or anything. This is a fairly
Tim Sackton: This is a cheap tavern.
Tim Sackton: But there's like a old, you know, an older guy, maybe in his sixties tending bar. Seems to know anybody. And you know.
Tim Sackton: as the room goes completely silent, and everybody turns and looks, and just kind of stares at you for a second.
Tim Sackton: Xavier, like gets shy and sort of ducks a little bit, and sort of weighs you over and sort of points. And there's a table
Tim Sackton: a little ways off, where Andros is sitting with with 2 other people. And it seems like you interrupted
Tim Sackton: or or they were in like the middle of an argument when when you stepped in, and everything went quiet, and Xavier just kind of tries to like pull you out of the center of attention and drag you over to this table.
Tim Sackton: so I mean, what do you do?
David S. Kong: Let's go sit with Andres. So.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Soul site andres
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So he's. I mean, he's currently just kind of
Tim Sackton: He's he's sort of, you know. He's like he's not anybody special, right? He's like low level, like not even level, like just a normal person. Nothing.
Tim Sackton: no power, no, nothing interesting about it, nothing magical, no skills or abilities
Tim Sackton: in any real way, shape or form. Yeah, he's
Tim Sackton: he's he's sitting.
Tim Sackton: He's sitting with with 2 other people, and he's like he's clearly just been. I mean. He's like sitting back. Not
Tim Sackton: You know. He's not the.
Tim Sackton: He's not the sort of primary person in this conversation, and he's like he's a burly guy. He's like a like a brawler type as well, like clearly muscle. He's got a long scar like a burn scar that runs up his arm and swirls around 2 of his fingers on his left hand. He seems like can't move
Tim Sackton: from the scar
Tim Sackton: mid thirties, like dark, close, cropped hair, with sort of sharp, angular features.
Tim Sackton: wearing a basically a like a
Tim Sackton: again, frequently mended vest over a simple linen shirt.
Tim Sackton: everything. Everybody's clothes looks sooty, sooty.
Tim Sackton: He's sitting with 2 other people, one another man, maybe slightly older, maybe
Tim Sackton: mid forties, but tall like 6, 2, 6, 3
Tim Sackton: stubble on his jaw.
Tim Sackton: A sort of pink white scar that just runs from the palm of his hand like all the way up his arm, like almost his entire arm, is covered in this scar tissue, but the rest of his skin is sort of tanned like brown.
Tim Sackton: Wearing like work, trousers patched at the knees boots, and then a woman, younger, maybe, in her late twenties,
Tim Sackton: wild red hair like puffy red hair, sort of tied back in a loose braid streaked with suit.
Tim Sackton: intense amber eyes like dust, and smudged around here wearing a leather apron
Tim Sackton: and they all kind of look, as basically everybody else in the bar is just kind of staring at this table, and
Tim Sackton: Xavier says in a quiet voice, address
Tim Sackton: Let me introduce my friend Kenzo, who I've known for many years, and is recently back in the city.
Tim Sackton: And dealt with, and well be.
Tim Sackton: and there's a seagull that follows them around.
Tim Sackton: That's great!
David S. Kong: That's it.
Tim Sackton: Don't want to interrupt. They wanted to to talk to you.
David S. Kong: Address.
David S. Kong: Hey? Here! Thanks for the introduction. Andres, it's it's great to meet you. You know I'm from the neighborhood, not too far from here and
David S. Kong: been through a lot in charting over the years. So I appreciate what
David S. Kong: you've been doing for the people here.
Tim Sackton: Bad Andres kind of looks. Thanks. I'm surprised you
Tim Sackton: you knew about that. But I
Tim Sackton: What can what can I do for you. What what can we do for you? This is, or Sinnoh.
Tim Sackton: the man in red, the woman.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Kenzo Kenzo doesn't say he. Kenzo pulls his his arm back and shows you know, the the chelite scar that he has on on his arm.
David S. Kong: and then
David S. Kong: you know, kind of gives a knowing glance to to the the folks sitting there at the table.
Tim Sackton: Everybody just kind of looks at each other.
Tim Sackton: Andres speaks up.
Tim Sackton: You don't look like you need help.
David S. Kong: Oh, we're here to help.
David S. Kong: What do you need?
David S. Kong: What's going on.
Tim Sackton: the the woman's eyes. Who he introduced as red
Tim Sackton: like go wide, intense amber eyes go wide when you say this, and she looks at you, and she says
Tim Sackton: this must be a sign from the gods with the 3 of them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we could storm the walls. Nothing is stopping us now.
Tim Sackton: If you're really here to help.
David S. Kong: Well, tell us more. What's going on? Who are you? How you're organized? What's the what's
David S. Kong: what's the situation here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are you trying to accomplish?
Mike Sackton: Hit that 1 8 old flame cow.
Tim Sackton: Did you said you just got into the city.
David S. Kong: Today.
Tim Sackton: And and why she looks.
Tim Sackton: I thought he knew about I mean, Andres has been doing a lot of work to
Tim Sackton: help the people who got hurt in the refineries.
David S. Kong: Good. We're here to help them.
Tim Sackton: See what we can do for restitution, but it's not going to stop unless the refineries are destroyed. Chelite is fundamentally evil.
Tim Sackton: We're halfway there.
David S. Kong: Metagame really quickly are there like is is like, if
David S. Kong: like from a from a from a like a Marxist perspective, like if, if, like, the the folks here just like took over the Chelite refineries, can they like use the chelite for like positive things? Or is it really like, you know like is there like a you know, like what's what's the deal with chain light.
Tim Sackton: So you don't know a ton about chelite to be honest like growing up like.
Tim Sackton: So you know, you know a few things that are clear. So one is. It's
Tim Sackton: people who have some magical talent can use Chalite to sort of enhance their magical talent, but it's very risky.
Tim Sackton: and a lot of people end up burning out their short circuiting their brains and turning into Chelet zombies. That's what Fausto used to create those shadow hunters that chased you, who'd go around find people who got too deep and burned out their brains and
Tim Sackton: were just husks of some sort of magical energy. But you need to. Not just anybody can do that. You need to be.
Tim Sackton: You need to have some magical talent to enhance
Tim Sackton: And historically, that use has always been very looked down upon by the like university types. They're like, it's a dangerous shortcut. It's like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Not real magic
David S. Kong: What else? What what else? Like.
Tim Sackton: Mostly what it's used for these days in Chardon is to power magic items.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So it's it's much safer if it's used
Tim Sackton: so like a lot of guards will have chelite power, detect magic glasses or something like that, or, you know.
Tim Sackton: all right, make trading all like, even when Kenza was growing up right, like all of the
Tim Sackton: You know all of the fountains in the city.
Tim Sackton: There's, you know, the pipes from the Chasa, and there's Chalite wards around every single fountain that purifies the water of disease and
Tim Sackton: and contaminants.
Tim Sackton: Right. It's like it's usually this is the major use, but refining. It is still dangerous, like it. It's mined as ore far to the north. In this.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: In the northern frontier, and it shipped downriver.
Tim Sackton: The ore needs. It needs to be concentrated and purified, and, like you, just mash it up, and you make dust, and the dust can explode and.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Tim Sackton: That produces this sort of powder that then can be fused into crystals that can be used like back.
David S. Kong: Is. It is the refinery process, and like the is it like corporations? Is it like government owned like, what's the what's the.
Tim Sackton: I don't think I mean. All Kenzo knows is that it's
Tim Sackton: well. Kenzo probably doesn't know much.
Tim Sackton: but a lot of the there's a lot of vertical integration. So a lot of the refineries are owned by the same families that the same families that control the mines in Voltaire.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay? All right, all right, let's back it back in game.
David S. Kong: So look, we could help you destroy the refineries. That's something that could happen.
David S. Kong: But and I'm asking here, would you want to control the refineries? Would you want to use the Chelite for to help benefit the people here, or do we want to just take it all out.
Tim Sackton: The other man there? The tall guy with broad shoulders. You know he
Tim Sackton: he looks, and he's
Tim Sackton: I don't know for sure what to do. But
Tim Sackton: I don't think destruction is the answer. Look at how many of our livelihoods depend on those factories.
David S. Kong: So that's what I'm saying, too, I mean, wouldn't it would. Might a better way to just take them over.
David S. Kong: Have the benefits for yourself.
David S. Kong: Use. Use the magic, and and, you know, help to rebuild the neighborhoods.
Tim Sackton: About.
David S. Kong: Make make the life better here.
Tim Sackton: The woman's like that's looks at you. I'm sure that you could do that.
Tim Sackton: But are you volunteering to stay here and hold them forever. There's no way we can hold off the legions by ourselves. If we take them over.
Tim Sackton: We're not gonna last.
David S. Kong: Well, you don't have enough power.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, are exactly. But are you? We can destroy them. And then we we are free.
David S. Kong: But you're not free.
David S. Kong: What are their future jobs? The families are still controlling everything. You're still under their heel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Back and rebuild. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Where's your power?
Tim Sackton: She like, holds up her arm, and like clenches her fist. This is our power.
Tim Sackton: if you help us, and we burn down, if we level the basin
Tim Sackton: it's going to take them years to rebuild. And who says they even will?
Tim Sackton: You know how the wizards hate that stuff?
David S. Kong: Where are your jobs? After you destroy the refineries.
Tim Sackton: That's a problem for tomorrow.
David S. Kong: You're thinking too short-sighted.
Tim Sackton: Or or scene of the tall man is like.
Tim Sackton: Read, listen to him.
Tim Sackton: We can't just burn everything down as angry as you are.
David S. Kong: Oh, we'll burn things. That's gonna happen. We're gonna help burn things. But we should be smart about.
Mike Sackton: Gives cats a little look like, really, we're helping the birthdays down.
David S. Kong: Telepathically. Yeah, of course, you think we're gonna get out of here and not burn a few things.
Mike Sackton: But but who dies when you burn things down.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's a good question. Look, I mean.
David S. Kong: at the end of the day. Right? You're right, I think. You know we're I don't know. We'll see how this plays out. I mean, I'm from here, and I'm I'm very invested in making sure that there's change that happens here. That isn't something that will disappear after we leave right like I think, what I what I hope to do, at least, and I think my friends are here. We're all in this.
David S. Kong: We want to try to do something that's going to be a lasting benefit for the people here. We want to do something that's going to help, not just tomorrow, but in 10 years from now. And I think
David S. Kong: there's something that needs to happen up at the top to help make make things shift.
David S. Kong: And so you know, the refineries I'm just all I'm suggesting is that we take a longer view here. Okay.
David S. Kong: we're here to help. We do have great power to help and make a difference in what's unfolding here. But think bigger. Don't just think about the anger that you have right now, and what you want to do tomorrow, what's going to be the best for the people here in the next 5 years, 10 years for the next generation, for your children.
Tim Sackton: Andrea's kind of laughs a little bit, and says
Tim Sackton: they've been having the same argument for a week.
Tim Sackton: We're just 2 about 2 weeks ago, when the riots started, there was.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to describe it.
Tim Sackton: There was a fire drove people and
Tim Sackton: bookkeepers, the overseers, the barge owners they turned on.
Tim Sackton: They joined us. We were unstoppable.
David S. Kong: Penzo is like looking, and dealt with what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well be access to Android while maintaining unblinking eye contact with Kenzo the entire time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is why Andros change has to come from the bottom up, and not the top down.
David S. Kong: Can't
Tim Sackton: They knew all the secrets.
David S. Kong: Dealt with.
Tim Sackton: And now
Tim Sackton: don't know what to do, and we're left arguing whether to burn everything down or to negotiate with the magistrates.
Mike Sackton: Oh, who's remaining? Who are you? Speak? Who do you speak for the 3 of you.
Tim Sackton: Andres is like I I don't. I don't speak for anybody.
Mike Sackton: Who's who are you deciding for?
David S. Kong: Is there any organization to speak of here? Who? How is this all structured? Do you guys.
Tim Sackton: Red. The the fiery, haired woman looks and is like well.
Tim Sackton: I speak for my fellow workers out on the barricades.
Tim Sackton: They can't be left there.
David S. Kong: Good.
Mike Sackton: What are you barricading.
Tim Sackton: Homes from the legions.
David S. Kong: Yeah, who's controlling the legions right now?
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Somebody said that the general came back, and then, a few days later,
Tim Sackton: quit his job and retreated to a monastery to pray.
Mike Sackton: I can't believe that that's true.
Mike Sackton: No, that's that's quite plausible.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What the hell is going on here.
Mike Sackton: Do we know the general's name?
Tim Sackton: Yes, because you like, mind controlled him. Okay?
David S. Kong: Oh, can we scry him?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Sure. Why not?
David S. Kong: Oh, you just scrubbing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's no cooperate.
Mike Sackton: But I could send them a links message, too. Why not?
Tim Sackton: Marius Marius Cusico.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we could scry him.
David S. Kong: Kenza Kenza is just okay. Look talking, it says, Andra's in red.
Tim Sackton: Red is the woman or Sino. There's 3 guys Andros who's who's sort of you get the sense that he's like
Tim Sackton: he's like the undecided vote that everybody's been trying to that. Everybody's arguing about yeah, or Sino, who's the who's the tall like a tall guy? Beat lots of scars. But
Tim Sackton: you know, is the one who's sort of saying, Well, what happens to all of our jobs? If.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. And then.
Tim Sackton: Red. Who's the like? Fiery haired woman who's like the.
Mike Sackton: Is the sense that these folks are like leaders remaining. Are they like?
Mike Sackton: I can't quite tell whether we should be taking these people as or maybe we can't tell. But do we have any senses whether these.
Tim Sackton: Make an insight, check.
Mike Sackton: You don't even know what I'm gonna ask.
Mike Sackton: I'll make you check.
Tim Sackton: Roll, and then tell me what you're gonna ask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am doing the same.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a 1 on insight.
David S. Kong: But you know what.
Mike Sackton: I'm all gat. I have heroic inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I, I have a Yeah, you go ahead. Then I have a.
Mike Sackton: Well, I rolled the 6. That's not that much better, but.
David S. Kong: Yeah, the kids tend to this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Mike Sackton: Has a much better insight than me. Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The 32 on insight.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: It's not, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Rogues are like so broken. It's great! I love it.
Mike Sackton: The the point is okay, Red said. She spoke. I mean, I could just ask them outright, too. Yeah. Or I tried to ask them outright when I said, Who do you? Who do you speak for? The other guy never answered.
Mike Sackton: but I wanted to give them a chance to answer. Are these like mid level managers? Are they like.
Tim Sackton: There. There are no, there are no leaders.
Tim Sackton: They've all been clear that there's no leaders red
Tim Sackton: read like clear like you believe I mean. Welby will tell you telepathically, like you know she is not.
Tim Sackton: She's very strongly believes that she commands the loyalty of a bunch of
Tim Sackton: workers who live in the even worse slums than this, who have no jobs and are worried about having no home, and just being driven into the river by the legions. But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I think what Welby will chime up and and look and say to the 2 of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we? He says, pointing his fingers at each of you distinctly, not at himself. We all
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): had a hand in creating this problem.
Tim Sackton: If.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I think we owe it to them to have a hand in fixing it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then he'll turn to Andres and say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if you've spent much time with halflings. But part of the reason
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're able to do what we do and be successful as traders is, we're a syndicate. If
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if one ship refuses to do something. If one ship's treated badly, everyone stops doing business with the organization that treated them badly, treated them unfairly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have incredible leverage right now in your willingness to destroy the minds
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's power in the short term.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but it's not power in the long term, but it. It gives you enough leverage
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to go to the owners and negotiate a different deal with them.
David S. Kong: Or can we have the TV.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and we have the strength to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): compel them to sit down at the table with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can't guarantee you an outcome, but it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At least we can make the conversation happen.
Tim Sackton: So, or or Sino, the the tall guy?
Tim Sackton: this. This is exactly what I've been saying, but look red.
Tim Sackton: if they do something, will you get your
Tim Sackton: workers in the out in Riverside to do what we say? Nobody.
Tim Sackton: He just kind of shakes his head.
Tim Sackton: I don't look. I I speak for a few people here, but none of us speak for everybody.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David S. Kong: Just is there? Is there any structure? Are there unions here any organization? Guilds like what? What, what like.
Tim Sackton: Most.
David S. Kong: Of all go to the refinery. Is it just completely like, are you full on slaves right now? Like, what's the.
Tim Sackton: And he's from the 3. Okay, he says, the way it works.
Tim Sackton: When a when an oars or barge comes in, look, the
Tim Sackton: he points to red the Crane, the Crane folks, the ones who turn the winches. They're a little bit more organized.
Tim Sackton: They they tend to live in the, you know. Live right right by the factories, right by the refineries
Tim Sackton: red red. Nose them all. I'll give her that, I mean.
Tim Sackton: He sort of nods. Look at her, you can tell she's a crane operator, right?
Tim Sackton: But the rest of us like these.
Tim Sackton: this is rare stuff. The factories, the the refineries aren't running
Tim Sackton: 24, 7. There's no like.
Tim Sackton: When a when a barge comes in, there's a there's a, you know, a
Tim Sackton: recruiter who comes down to the market and yells out how many folks they need, and
Tim Sackton: we line up. And honestly, you you hope you
Tim Sackton: you hope you get in for that day, so you get your coin.
David S. Kong: Yeah, sometimes you get in for the day and.
Tim Sackton: The dust explodes, but.
David S. Kong: Look.
Tim Sackton: They pay us extra. When that happens.
David S. Kong: All right. Look.
Tim Sackton: There's no.
David S. Kong: We're gonna we're gonna be here for a bit. Okay? And this is my my suggestion.
David S. Kong: Red knows the Crane operators. You mentioned some of those other folks figure out
David S. Kong: soon, if you can do it in the next, you know, day or 2 who has trusted
David S. Kong: who from each of these groups is a trusted authority or leader of some kind. Who's somebody that within each of these groups actually has some
David S. Kong: some trust amongst the people there.
David S. Kong: and if you can help figure that out over this next little bit, we've got some work to do. We're gonna go and do a little bit of investigating on the other side of this. But what I'm saying is, get yourselves organized a little bit here. Okay, if you guys can start figuring out
David S. Kong: you know who are some folks that have at least the backings of of
David S. Kong: some of the the other other different groups that are working here.
David S. Kong: There's a way that we might be able to help turn the tide a little bit and give some more power and authority to you. But there needs to be some structuring that needs to happen.
Tim Sackton: Or Sino sort of shakes his head like, I don't think you understand what you're doing. The only ones who have any organization are the priests
Tim Sackton: they've been, you know. There's a
Tim Sackton: group of the anti chelite movements been, you know, down here for
Tim Sackton: decades talking about the evils of shade light, and
Tim Sackton: they never did anything about it.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really believes that they were ever going to do anything about it other than
Tim Sackton: I don't know what assuage their souls assuage our souls that.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm I'm being.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry I'm being too hard that they did a lot like
Tim Sackton: a lot of us aren't dead because they were here.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: but there's no organization, I mean.
David S. Kong: What I'm saying is, I get it. I understand that there's no organization. But there's some leadership right? There's some people.
Tim Sackton: You're looking at it, my friend.
David S. Kong: Preview. There's no other leadership that is trusted at all by anybody.
David S. Kong: He's
Mike Sackton: You know, it's not just the workers whose opinions matter here, too. Right?
Mike Sackton: Gotta talk to people who live here.
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike Sackton: People who live in the yeah, should we include everybody.
David S. Kong: Actually, Tim, what is the population of this area? Like how many people we're talking about here?
Tim Sackton: Oh!
David S. Kong: Tens of thousands like, what is this.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: So so chart in itself. I have some notes on this.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's probably a hundred 1,000 people that live on the north bank as a whole, but
Tim Sackton: maybe 40,000 of them live in the slums like between the Chelite levels
Tim Sackton: and the basin sort of riverside area.
David S. Kong: And is this whole population? Is the economy down here? Basically chelite.
Tim Sackton: No like, I mean, obviously Xavier's mom and sister were doing like seamstress piecework, spinning yarn, and things like.
David S. Kong: But it's like, but are those supportive industries to the main industry?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, pretty much. If the if the chelite factories weren't here like people wouldn't live like right? Right
Tim Sackton: it. There's a large
Tim Sackton: when a. When a shipment of ore comes in, there will be like 5, 6,000 people who go into the
Tim Sackton: the factories. And then there's additional people who are there have sort of more permanent like, operate the cranes maintain the waterworks, and then there's like, once it's been refined. There's like a whole other process that requires, you know, more to
Tim Sackton: take the dust that's been refined, and sort of forge it into pieces that's slower but less dangerous, more over time. Work.
Mike Sackton: How many barges coming in a year or a month.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it it depends in in a good month, maybe
Tim Sackton: in a in a really good month.
Tim Sackton: 1012. There'll be so much that every
Tim Sackton: refinery is burning, and you know, double triple the normal number of workers everybody gets pulled in. It's not that hard to do to be honest.
Tim Sackton: and takes 3, 4 days, maybe a week
Tim Sackton: to process one barge. So you know, think about it. It's more, typically less than that.
Tim Sackton: Once again, meet something like that.
David S. Kong: So telepathically to well being and to dealt with. Look
David S. Kong: I think in the end here for me. My hope is that you know, these people can get some more agency in their lives and can have some more control over their own fate.
David S. Kong: And I think if if these 3 are the the main
David S. Kong: leaders that connect with the the industry here that keep the chat industry here, and you know they've got to figure their stuff out a little bit, but
Mike Sackton: It's also.
Mike Sackton: But do they have the makings of leaders.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, Kenzel, go ahead and roll insight with advantage.
David S. Kong: Insight with advantage.
David S. Kong: 19.
Mike Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: Does does charter have like guilds and stuff
Mike Sackton: like Toland is all very guild oriented, right, like.
Tim Sackton: Has some, but it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not organized. The way Toland is like, it's not like there's a lot more imperial regulation in Toland, like, for example, the Dyers Guild would control everything about how dyes are made and processed in Tolan. There would be the
Tim Sackton: Bureau of
Tim Sackton: Die Standards, or something like that that would impose more. There are professional associations, but it's haphazard, right? It's like not. There's no like. It's not like the concept of gills is foreign. It's just not quite so central to the.
Mike Sackton: But like a Cheway processors guild that had a legal monopoly on processing, Chewaii
Mike Sackton: wouldn't be something that would be unimaginable.
Tim Sackton: It definitely would not be unimaginable. I mean, that's something that
Tim Sackton: magistrates could theoretically create with a stroke of his pen.
Tim Sackton: But that does not exist at the moment.
Mike Sackton: No, I understand, but it seems like what would help these people.
Mike Sackton: I'll say this telepathically, but that's what we want, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but they need a union.
Mike Sackton: A Union right.
David S. Kong: 1 million percent. That's like they need. They need. They need to organize themselves and have like a power structure. And once they're organized, that's what I was asking about. Once they're organized, we can, you know, we can do a lot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's in the magistrate's interest to do it also because it provides a check on the power of the Chelite mining families that they don't just have
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this monopoly to do what they ever what they want like. They are going to have to live in tension with the refiners guild.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and like that, makes them less powerful
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the city, which is probably a good thing from the point of view of the wizards, and maybe the magistrates, too.
David S. Kong: Or do we wipe out those families.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean the the it feels more reckless and direct.
Mike Sackton: But I'm not sure about carving.
David S. Kong: And.
Mike Sackton: Bloody murder!
David S. Kong: Well, we were just talking, I mean no, I mean it doesn't have to be bloody murder. They can all fit in the mirror. They'll be happy there.
Mike Sackton: We can only get 12 people in the mirror. But yes, this is the.
Tim Sackton: You have to release a few people to fit.
David S. Kong: I mean, although you only have.
Tim Sackton: Hector.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no! At every single one of them we have a cell that fits 2 beings, and all of those leaders will fit in the same cell as like a poison troll or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We just put them in one at a time, and they'll all.
David S. Kong: All of that is just temporary transportation until we drop them off in the farewell, and they can live happy, happy lives, doing whatever they want.
Mike Sackton: Right? True, I mean, you're not wrong.
Mike Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: Saying, well, there's plenty of ways to make influence and do things here without killing anybody.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Tim Sackton: So we need to let.
Mike Sackton: Eddie do.
Tim Sackton: Let me go back to Kenzo's soul. Site, sense of these people so red.
Tim Sackton: the woman like the dominant emotion you get from her soul setting her is just anger, like
Tim Sackton: you know she is. It's hard to say if she would make a good leader like if she could.
Tim Sackton: if she could. She clearly has the sort of righteous support of like she's
Tim Sackton: people look up to her because she represents their anger, but whether she can.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: Control it and channel it in a useful purpose. Besides, violence is not clear.
Tim Sackton: Andros is very
Tim Sackton: You get the sense like from hearing this conversation, that so Andres just the like backstory on Andres, which I'm sure you would have picked up from Xavier, like he sort of, is, know very well known around the
Tim Sackton: entire Klight levels, because one of the main things that he had done was go, you know, for years. When people got hurt. He would go check on their families, make sure they were okay, connect them with the priests who could help. So he has, like a very wide network of people who look up to him.
Tim Sackton: but he's totally into like he doesn't. He's not picking a side like he was. He loved it when somebody was just telling him, go recruit brawlers.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And now he's like
David S. Kong: Find it find it shocking, though, in a, in a population of a hundred 1,000 people. And it's like there's only 3. These are the only 3, and they're kind of.
Mike Sackton: Gotta be others.
David S. Kong: Well, there's obviously others. But like I mean, just for like practical game reasons. Yes, I could. There could be 10 more people that just make your lives more complicated. Right? These are like
David S. Kong: what I'm asking for that Tim is like like part of what I was asking for was like I was imagining we that they can then go talk to the other, you know, kind of folks that are are trusted folks, and we get we'll get together. The 1020 people that actually like have some some influence over the larger tens of thousands of people.
Tim Sackton: But but there's basically like there's basically 2 2 sort of major factions within the
Tim Sackton: these. Putting aside the priests, who are all like chelite evil. But 2 major facts. There's the hard line. There's like red.
Tim Sackton: There's other people like her. Obviously she's not the only sort of hardliner leader who's all very much like, let's burn it down.
Tim Sackton: And then there's other people like like Persono.
Tim Sackton: who are sort of you know. We can't destroy our livelihoods. We need to negotiate. But
Tim Sackton: there's not a lot of other choices that these people have right. So.
Mike Sackton: Mean?
Mike Sackton: Do we have.
Tim Sackton: I will be.
Mike Sackton: Like just for.
Tim Sackton: Practical reasons. I'm kind of representing each of the 2.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, with one person.
Mike Sackton: What's what's our? What's Orsino's deal? How does he have influence.
Tim Sackton: So he just like he's
Tim Sackton: I don't know what the word for. It is right, but he's like the the type of person who
Tim Sackton: who knows all the the he's the closest thing to like a foreman like a like a labor leader that exists right? He's the he's the one who knows all the all the like chelike workers. And you know, when the when the day labor recruiter comes to the market and yells out, we need 800 people at this factory. He's like sort of helping
Tim Sackton: get people who need work. You know, the people who are the poorest and struggling the most who haven't eaten in a few days, making sure they get to the front of the line.
Tim Sackton: Things like that.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Alright. Anyways, I think, the yeah, the the larger. The larger question here is as we go over the next few days, and just try to figure out like what's going up on. Go! What's going on on the
David S. Kong: topside?
David S. Kong: My, my! I'll say this to the to the folks here. Is like, talk to your people.
David S. Kong: Get everybody on the same page to the best that you can.
David S. Kong: because there's change coming. We can make change happen here, and we're ready to help and
David S. Kong: think about what you want, not just for tomorrow, but for
David S. Kong: the next days, months, years ahead, because we can help and try to structure something that will be a benefit
David S. Kong: to everybody here. I'm from here.
David S. Kong: I want to see all of us thriving and in control of our own futures in ways that we haven't had before.
David S. Kong: And if there's 1 thing that I want selfishly to try to give is
David S. Kong: better sense of hope and possibility for this place, because
David S. Kong: this was not a fun place to grow up.
David S. Kong: because we have food on our necks.
Mike Sackton: The legions room. That's your biggest fear right now.
David S. Kong: Well, just first, st before before the elf just
David S. Kong: is that, can you? Can you all
David S. Kong: get your act together over the next.
Tim Sackton: Sort of. They sort of look at each other, and Andres kind of pulls you aside and says
Tim Sackton: we'll do our best. He says this in a low voice, but
Tim Sackton: you might have to tell us what to do at some point.
Tim Sackton: I don't think
Tim Sackton: there's a lot of people who are angry here and just want to fight, and if
Tim Sackton: if you want to fight with them they will go fight.
Tim Sackton: But if you're not looking for a war
Tim Sackton: sometimes you gotta just say no.
Tim Sackton: They see you.
Tim Sackton: They're gonna think they can win.
David S. Kong: We'll see we may have to fight. We might not have to fight. But what I'm asking what I'm saying is
David S. Kong: right now.
David S. Kong: There needs to be some people thinking beyond the fight.
David S. Kong: If you're only thinking about the fight right now, nothing's gonna change. You gotta think about what's gonna happen past the fight.
David S. Kong: and maybe that's you know. What's the name again, or or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Or see you now.
David S. Kong: Or Sino.
David S. Kong: I don't know if Orsino's got
David S. Kong: got a sense of some other folks that are thinking about after the fight, but those people need to be
David S. Kong: at the table figuring this all out too.
Tim Sackton: We Orsino? Kind of yeah. I mean, there's a few of us who've been talking, but
Tim Sackton: I feel like we lost our chance.
David S. Kong: That's well. We're here to say that that chance is not lost. It's right in front of us. The opportunity is here right now, and that's what I'm saying over this next bunch of days.
David S. Kong: What would you do?
David S. Kong: What would you do if all of a sudden you had the chance to run these mines yourself. What would you do if you had the chance to negotiate the contracts for yourself in your favor? How would you then take all of the resources from
David S. Kong: all of the barges that come from here. And how is that going to benefit the neighborhoods?
David S. Kong: You see what I'm saying that that future is possible. We can help make that future happen.
Tim Sackton: If you can get the somebody that
Tim Sackton: talk to us we'll be ready.
David S. Kong: All right. That's what I want to hear.
Tim Sackton: At this moment a silvery lynx pads into the tavern.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: And everybody turns and stares again like, who are these people? The noise, the like conversations that just sort of return to the normal level after you walk in, when suddenly it goes
Tim Sackton: silent again.
Tim Sackton: I just delivers a letter right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So hands you a letter.
Mike Sackton: Which says.
Tim Sackton: Which says, when you open and read it, paraphrasing
Tim Sackton: what you say is of great interest to us.
Tim Sackton: but we were unwilling to trust you without further conversation.
Tim Sackton: Should you wish to speak that can be arranged, find a craft to row, you hold on
Tim Sackton: find a find a craft, or get yourself aboard.
Tim Sackton: Auditorian's Pride.
Tim Sackton: One of my flagships can't miss it in the harbor.
Tim Sackton: Surrender yourself 2 Tiberius wind collar of Arturian's pride.
Tim Sackton: If he if you convince some of your lack of danger, we will be in contact.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but we're dangerous. I don't think that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no scenario where we're not dangerous.
Mike Sackton: It's an interesting phrase of phraseology there, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, though, like I think there's another way to read that same message which isn't physical danger, but danger to his power. Yeah, like he's saying danger to us in. You know, the Imperial.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Plural.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that sorry that it should was not meant to be mysterious. That is the implication.
David S. Kong: All right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We didn't do that.
David S. Kong: Okay, so let's let's take leave of the of the of the revolutionary guard here. And
David S. Kong: you know again. Give them a give them a solid pep talk, go, go, organize your people.
David S. Kong: get yourselves ready.
Mike Sackton: I want to send another message to the general.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna ask him how he's doing
Mike Sackton: it. It seems rough to have been
Mike Sackton: to have lost his
Mike Sackton: lost his his will, and it must have been tough, I'll say, to be to be under Faustos's control for so long, and to have no sense of yourself.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell them we have a support group
Mike Sackton: includes Sarah and my Sarah, the the Queen of Dunbar. Yeah, the the Queen of Dunbar, and and a few others for people who have lost chunks of their life to magical
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: challenges, and it sounds like he might be struggling with some of the emotional impact of, you know, being under Faustosis control for some time. And and I you know we could. I could reach out if he's interested, perhaps tonight, in his sleep and just respond to this message.
Mike Sackton: I'll give him a brief background on who I am.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Write it in a convincing way, right.
Tim Sackton: Right. Right.
Tim Sackton: Anything else.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go to this chip.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, totally.
David S. Kong: Do we like put our our like special, powerful stuff like in Welby's portable hole, so they don't. They don't like.
Mike Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Stuff.
David S. Kong: Wasn't there a whole thing about him like what they wanted to take our weapons and stuff.
Mike Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: What was the instructions that we we do.
Mike Sackton: But all goes horribly wrong. We want our weapons so that we can fight our way out and watch our war against charcoal right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, I know. But they didn't. They say that we had to turn over our weapons.
Mike Sackton: No, I just said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They said, surrender yourself to the wind collar, but, like we, we can interpret that lawyerly to mean like, have a peaceful conversation like.
David S. Kong: Let's go check it out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's let's be direct.
David S. Kong: Direct and effective.
Mike Sackton: I'm all for direct.
David S. Kong: I like where this is all going, though.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: We're organizing. We're organizing Charten's 1st Cheli Trade Union, and then we'll we'll go from there.
Tim Sackton: So Aratan's pride is like you saw it. It's 1 of the 2 Navy ships anchored in the harbor.
Mike Sackton: That's cool.
Tim Sackton: It's big, like. Clearly a large crew. There's like a a giant sort of magical.
Tim Sackton: not exactly a cannon, but like it looks like an oversized wand melted, mounted on the bow, and then rows of ballista.
Tim Sackton: you know, remasted wide berth probably can carry a few 100 marines, maybe more currently writing at anchor
Tim Sackton: just upstream of the now closed river bridge.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, just just downstream, like
Tim Sackton: closer to the ocean than the than the river bridge, clearly like sort of in some sense block guarding the entrance to the harbor.
Tim Sackton: Are you like? It's not hard to just find somebody who wrote you out there. There's lots of like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we would find a little farrier.
Mike Sackton: I think we should just.
Tim Sackton: Or you can just fly, because your animal shapes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. It's just flies.
Mike Sackton: Alright we turn back into. We can turn back into sea, calls 24 h.
Tim Sackton: So for 24 h.
Mike Sackton: Oh, let's just do that!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike Sackton: That's a that's a better arrival. We'll just fly the seagulls and then win.
Mike Sackton: and then turn back into ourselves.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So when you land, or when you approach the ship as seagulls you can see.
Tim Sackton: There's like the deck. There's a decent number of people on the deck
Tim Sackton: look like largely sort of marines. But there's one
Tim Sackton: one man who is like clearly,
Tim Sackton: Not clearly magical. He's he's standing near the mast.
Tim Sackton: What.
David S. Kong: Soul site as well.
Tim Sackton: Okay, standing near the mast. Tall, lean flame.
Tim Sackton: Shoulder length, sort of silver white hair.
Tim Sackton: His eyes are like. There's no whites to the pupils. They're just completely blue, like a sort of almost sort of storm blue
Tim Sackton: And he holds with him a polished oak staff
Tim Sackton: with a small sapphire orb at its tip.
Tim Sackton: Probably, like, you know, just about 6 feet. Generally kind of a
Tim Sackton: commanding vibe, I would say.
Tim Sackton: you can't soul site in bird form. You can only soul site when you're.
David S. Kong: Yeah, as soon as we change into humans.
Tim Sackton: So as soon as you, as soon as he's like watching, he doesn't necessarily notice
Tim Sackton: the seagulls. But like as soon as you approach
Tim Sackton: you know, land on the deck and begin to turn. He holds up his hand, he holds up his staff, and he casts a spell immediately, as you land.
Mike Sackton: What's I don't know if I wanted to cast a spell on us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's probably fine.
David S. Kong: No.
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Counterspell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, no, I'll say, as he holds up his staff, I'll say telepathically, you know we're not.
Mike Sackton: I can counterspell without him knowing I'm counterspelling because I can use subtle spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think that's good.
David S. Kong: Is selling us. Fuck that shit.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I will telepathically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's being defensive. We would do the same thing if he showed up as a gull without notice.
David S. Kong: Fuck that fuck that we're not. We're not. We're not here.
David S. Kong: Cast counterspell.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we're.
Tim Sackton: What's your DC.
Mike Sackton: 20.
Tim Sackton: Hold on!
Mike Sackton: There might be 20. Hold on! Is it 20 or 21? I don't know if I have my rod equipped.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you know what I'm gonna use my rod to see if it'll work before I cast it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you use the route as a golden.
Mike Sackton: Well, presumably I don't think it doesn't even take an action.
Mike Sackton: No, it's part of casting the spell.
Tim Sackton: 22. That succeeds right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the counterspell will not work.
Mike Sackton: And I will.
Mike Sackton: He made a save that's fair. He's allowed to make a save.
Mike Sackton: Then I will not cast it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to try and persuade telepathically. Do just a little bit of persuasion, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): smoothen the smooth the road there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and say, you know we we come on the.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait!
Tim Sackton: Ordered!
Tim Sackton: Are you attempting to like you? Got to save against the spell? Are you attempting to resist his spell?
David S. Kong: Yeah, of course. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There you go!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's it!
Mike Sackton: At which city.
Tim Sackton: Charisma saving throw!
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on.
David S. Kong: Hold on!
Tim Sackton: No, wait. I'm sorry you don't get a Christmas saving. Throw a
Tim Sackton: a cage 20 feet on a side appears around you.
Tim Sackton: made of invisible force, while slightly shimmering force.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey? That's that's fine!
Tim Sackton: And he puts down his staff.
Tim Sackton: and then looks to you as as he approaches, and he says, Darwyth, I presume.
David S. Kong: Hi tim salsa.
Tim Sackton: He is level 13.
Tim Sackton: He's cautious and
Tim Sackton: wary, but also somewhat curious.
David S. Kong: You said invisible force.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can't actually see the bars, but like you can, you can sort of feel the cage around you.
Tim Sackton: It's 20 feet on a side, so it catches all 3 of you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I I will sort of glance at the
Mike Sackton: The magic yes.
Tim Sackton: I apologize for the precautions.
Tim Sackton: There are many tales about you.
Tim Sackton: a great many of which, I presume, are not true, but that is for us to determine
Tim Sackton: what brings them to the city.
Mike Sackton: Glance around that all of the people standing at once.
Mike Sackton: But I won't say anything other than glancing around.
Mike Sackton: We have come to see how things are.
Tim Sackton: Kind of looks looks at the 3 of you, and sort of
Tim Sackton: you know, there's a bit of a wind that's blowing in his hair, even though you can't.
Tim Sackton: you can't. There's no, it's a pretty calm night, and he walks closer.
Tim Sackton: I would.
Tim Sackton: He's his pauses sort of trying to figure out how to phrase what he wants to know. I would not wish to be rude
Tim Sackton: and accuse you of devastating this city, but it was.
Mike Sackton: It's fair. It was a it was a good it was a good duplicate.
Mike Sackton: We we fought, we fought them ourselves quite quite compelling doubles.
Mike Sackton: There was a there was 4 of them, one, I think, causing some trouble in the Never see
Mike Sackton: you're you might have even heard rumors.
Mike Sackton: There were doubles all around actually.
Tim Sackton: Yes, there is much that we have learned.
Tim Sackton: were it not for which either you or I would now be dead.
Tim Sackton: the question is more.
Tim Sackton: Whose failure was this?
Tim Sackton: For there are, as you say, doubles everywhere. In fact.
Tim Sackton: looking at you, Kenzo, I presume.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: We heard that there were 2 doubles of you, one whom fought a double of U,
Tim Sackton: on whose side I do not know.
Tim Sackton: but this was told to us in Darba
Tim Sackton: by a woman there who spoke for the king.
Mike Sackton: What's her name? I forget her name. That truth speaks.
Tim Sackton: Abba.
Mike Sackton: Abba. Yes, Abba, yes, we met her.
Tim Sackton: What's more, it is said that it was, in fact, the carelessness of the University
Tim Sackton: that allowed Fausto to come into possession of this scroll. In the 1st place.
Mike Sackton: It's not truly fully accurate.
Tim Sackton: Do you have information to contribute?
Mike Sackton: About Apollyon's plans for destroying all humanity. Sure!
Mike Sackton: What would you like to know.
Tim Sackton: I meant the scroll that has brought the curse of lycanthropy to our city.
Mike Sackton: The curse of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Change hand therapy.
Mike Sackton: Come to your city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's not the scroll we thought you were talking about.
Tim Sackton: That shattered the material plane through the center of the Kailos market. Supposedly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, yeah. That is the scroll. Nope, sorry.
Tim Sackton: By you, Kenzo, and you deal with
Tim Sackton: that took the wizards of the University weeks to decontaminate.
Tim Sackton: during which time the madness of pandemonium had leaked into the people of Chardon.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Fausto unleashed that scroll.
David S. Kong: We're aware of that.
Mike Sackton: He's been brought to justice.
Mike Sackton: We are aware.
David S. Kong: What's that?
Mike Sackton: You're away!
Tim Sackton: Air.
Mike Sackton: And and.
Tim Sackton: Again, part of the information which has prevented us from fighting each other.
Mike Sackton: Your
Mike Sackton: Your suspicion is a is a confusing me.
Tim Sackton: How would you prove that you are yourself and not a clone?
Tim Sackton: I have been puzzling over this since we received your message.
Tim Sackton: I'm afraid I do not have a great answer.
Tim Sackton: hence he waves his hand at the cage.
Mike Sackton: It is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We know that the clone, the memories of the clone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): only extend to the point at which they were cloned.
Mike Sackton: I think I can. Only yeah, it's an impossible proof you'll never be able to do it.
David S. Kong: Well, I think one thing we did learn about the Clones is that when attacked and wounded, is this true that they can't be healed like once they're they have finite hit points right.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So the Clones, they don't have the capacity to heal themselves. So once killed
David S. Kong: and and we've had to kill a few of them.
David S. Kong: They are not able to regenerate, they can only be. Only a new clone can be created right.
Mike Sackton: I guess if that is, that is fair, that is true. The the Clones that Apollyon created did not
Mike Sackton: were not able to heal.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't love the idea of killing each other one at a time inside of this cage.
Mike Sackton: It would require a death, Welby, a mere stabbing would be sufficient.
Tim Sackton: I do not truly believe that you are Clones and
Tim Sackton: the control of Fuzda or Apollyon, for they are both dead. But
Tim Sackton: you see my dilemma. It is hard to know what to trust
Tim Sackton: when such things walk our world.
Mike Sackton: I do see the dilemma.
Mike Sackton: But do you know how Fausto Napoleon came to die?
Tim Sackton: I know how Fausto died.
Mike Sackton: Do you.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Not in detail.
Mike Sackton: I'm sorry. Just remind me who actually of us killed him.
Mike Sackton: I forget the combat in detail, but.
Tim Sackton: I don't remember.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll work it out you.
Mike Sackton: I was expecting less information or more trust.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh no!
Tim Sackton: I would ask one question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Spills, appropriate.
Tim Sackton: Where is Fausto's artifact.
Mike Sackton: The crown.
Tim Sackton: His tower was deeply informative
Tim Sackton: and yet uncovered.
Tim Sackton: Some unsolved mysteries
Tim Sackton: was the crown, the means by which these Clones were created, and if so is somebody else still controlling the crown?
Tim Sackton: Is this threat ended.
Mike Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: Or.
Mike Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: Was it just passed on to somebody else? How do I know
Tim Sackton: that you, in fact, defeated Fausto, as our information says, and
Tim Sackton: one of you did not take the crown and become the new Fausto.
Tim Sackton: I see only 3 of you here.
Tim Sackton: Stories say there were 5 travelers.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that is, those are the
Mike Sackton: Those are the answers we come to bring you.
Mike Sackton: but I think they might be better for your master's ears. First.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what.
Tim Sackton: He shakes his head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Welby will shake his head too, like oh.
David S. Kong: That's fine. Tell him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well let we should just tell. I mean.
Tim Sackton: I will not allow anyone who might be
Tim Sackton: secretly welding some deeply powerful artifact that which we do not understand to approach my master. So, unless this mystery is resolved, you will reside in this cage.
David S. Kong: Look. We are not in possession of the artifact. Okay, it is we. There's your your master is in 0 danger from us, and
David S. Kong: the use of this artifact in any way to impact your your.
Tim Sackton: Convincing me. That's exactly what you would say if.
Mike Sackton: I know you are sending an impossible task.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know bree.
Mike Sackton: What kind of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You. You have the magic to do. Somebody has the magic to do this in this city find a soul site. Monk, read our minds.
Mike Sackton: True.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Into, our.
Tim Sackton: I can read your minds if you will allow me.
Tim Sackton: The only problem is, I cannot oops.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, keep the thing up at the same time.
Tim Sackton: I cannot do that. Well.
Tim Sackton: Hmm! He pauses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, that's fair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): really, says Welby. We want to give you the proof you're looking. We we want to satisfy this for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The question is just how.
Tim Sackton: What happened to the Crown was the crap.
Tim Sackton: All we know is that somehow it gave Fausto tremendous power.
Tim Sackton: and had allowed him to take over the heteri magica, the magical guards of the University, and replace
Tim Sackton: many members of the scholarly societies there with his allies, a great many of whom have fled the city.
Tim Sackton: a handful of others who have been executed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Welby will speak up to to say he!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We came to a pretty clear belief
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that it's a powerful enough piece of magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No kingdom on this world should possess it, and hmm!
David S. Kong: Tel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Share too much detail of where it went.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): would just invite a hunt for it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that we deliberately don't want to happen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see the dilemma in sharing too much about where it went.
David S. Kong: See, there's there's 2 things here.
David S. Kong: your and your paramount concern, which we share and are here to alleviate is the threat to your master.
David S. Kong: Okay, so that's 1 dimension of concern. And
David S. Kong: what we can unequivocally and with the truest
David S. Kong: kind of expression of our beings here is that the crown is no threat to you, you or your master, or any of your
David S. Kong: of your allies. Okay, that is a hundred percent unequivocally the case which we can kind of think of creative ways to try to figure out ways for you, to verify that. But that is, that is a
David S. Kong: of a your your most initial paramount concern. And
David S. Kong: that's where we're stand with that piece.
Tim Sackton: If I can be convinced of that, my master will speak to you. I cannot promise he will be convinced of anything you say.
David S. Kong: Sure.
Tim Sackton: But you will be pardoned at least.
Tim Sackton: However, we remain at an impasse, for
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you know what was in Fausto's Tower.
Mike Sackton: I can guess.
David S. Kong: You can guess.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Decades of worming his way, not just him, his master before him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Master before him 3 generations, calling themselves the cleansed.
Tim Sackton: worming their way into the heart of this city.
Tim Sackton: Passing down the power of this crown.
David S. Kong: From master to pupil.
Tim Sackton: From master to pupil.
David S. Kong: Metagame. Who is where do we know that the line.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we knew that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: You saw it in the mirror when.
Mike Sackton: Try to do it.
Tim Sackton: Around in the mirror. You don't know their names, but you know I never made up their names. You know the basic okay.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: My greatest fear is that this is yet another trick.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I see that.
Mike Sackton: Would we accomplish by such a trick?
Mike Sackton: If we are as powerful as you fear, there's no magic that you could do. There's nothing you could do that would
Mike Sackton: proof such a thing.
Tim Sackton: Fact that you remain behind my bars is reassuring.
David S. Kong: Well, we haven't tried to escape yet, so.
Mike Sackton: That's the reassuring part.
Tim Sackton: I believe if you wanted me dead.
Mike Sackton: I likely would be.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You should know.
Tim Sackton: That such a thing would not be safe for you.
David S. Kong: We don't want to do that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Don't want your day.
David S. Kong: We have aligned interest here. Okay? And why don't we all sit together and just think for a moment of a creative way
David S. Kong: to demonstrate to you that the crown is no longer a threat to your master.
David S. Kong: So what what can we do here? Everyone, let me do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On a metagame level seeker with a wish can cast any spell whatsoever like. If there's anything at all from our side.
David S. Kong: Here to get.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! We have secret, double.
Tim Sackton: Secret double doesn't have a 9th level slot because Seeker used his 9th level slot to create.
David S. Kong: So seeker still a bird right.
Mike Sackton: Also he's just a bird flying around.
Tim Sackton: Still a bird. He's just watching.
David S. Kong: He's not even inside the cage. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very possibly Vendra Sharna is beneath us right now.
Mike Sackton: It's also possible.
Mike Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: The he's puts his. He like rubs his hand through this, his silvery hair, his eyes flare blue again.
Tim Sackton: Let us.
David S. Kong: Listen! Do you have abilities to ascertain truth?
Tim Sackton: I have some, but I cannot do so while I maintain the cage.
David S. Kong: Can you call a colleague.
Tim Sackton: There are few as powerful as me in the magistress's service.
David S. Kong: But you know I'm unable to cast spells, but I can ascertain truth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it doesn't make sense to offer to maintain the cage for you that that.
Tim Sackton: Let us let us sail.
Tim Sackton: Should this all go wrong, at least you will not be in the heart of the city.
David S. Kong: How does sailing help us ascertain truth?
Tim Sackton: We'll feel safer dropping the cage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage. Yeah. Alright.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's fine. Yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: The wind is always waiting, and he closes his eyes
Tim Sackton: and he lifts up his staff, and there's like blue light lightning begins to crackle up a bit, and then
Tim Sackton: giant gust of wind begins blowing on the sail.
Tim Sackton: But let's get a bit downriver. It will only take
Tim Sackton: a few moments under full power.
Tim Sackton: and he stands there. And Welby, you have actually seen something like this before.
Tim Sackton: when you were the only person who observed.
David S. Kong: Fish.
Tim Sackton: Wind collars navigating a ship through the Chardon Canal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: Everybody else was in the mirror, I think. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And it's only maybe about half an hour as the ship picks up steam that you sail downriver.
Tim Sackton: Sun is setting, Nasaur, sailing right into the sunset.
Tim Sackton: Sail past. There's like 2 2 fort naval forts on the end. The giant chain
Tim Sackton: they can raise to block the harbor, sail past the naval forts, past burning slums.
Mike Sackton: As we're sailing. I will say
Mike Sackton: I'm guessing at some point. This will go away if we just wait.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, we could also just transform ourselves into tiny animals and walk between the bars.
Tim Sackton: No? Well, you'd have to pass a saving throw. You cannot leave unless you make a charisma saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Can can we cast spells outside of it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
David S. Kong: If I turn into an astral being, I know I can't pass through magic barriers of force, but.
Tim Sackton: It is a magic barrier of force.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, a half an hour passes roughly.
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! Wait! I have a I have a question.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Does contact other plane.
Mike Sackton: Let somebody else know who you're contacting.
Mike Sackton: Mental. No, it's mental, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: It's I think it's just in your mind.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think it's just nearby tooth.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it certainly doesn't let you know who you're contacting
Tim Sackton: the alright.
David S. Kong: What do you see?
Tim Sackton: Half an hour passes as you pick up speed.
Tim Sackton: just continually picking up speed faster and faster, until you're racing downriver at a
Tim Sackton: very rapid clip, the city beginning to get smaller in the distance as the sun sets. And you there's a long stream of like.
Tim Sackton: you know the golden light of the sunset.
Tim Sackton: you know, mixing with the the wake of the ship as it's moving under full sails and magical wind, creating a very pretty scene
Tim Sackton: until you know, 40 min or so has passed.
Tim Sackton: And he calls off the wind.
Tim Sackton: and he says, turns to you, and he says.
Tim Sackton: I know it may seem like this is foolish, because you truly were the next Faustow
Tim Sackton: a few miles of distance might not make might not matter.
Tim Sackton: for all know, you'd be able to teleport instantly to the heart of
Tim Sackton: the Emperor's palace the magistrate's palace.
Tim Sackton: but it makes me feel better.
David S. Kong: It's important.
Tim Sackton: And I hate to ask, but would you
Tim Sackton: sort of waves his hand leave all that magic behind for a moment?
Tim Sackton: Nobody will touch it at this point, like he weighs the crew off like
Tim Sackton: nobody's gonna steal your soft. But
Tim Sackton: then I can tell if you have unseen magic with you like crown.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably he would not be able to see the portable hole inside the lead lined locket.
Tim Sackton: No cause. It's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we could have stashed the crown in there. But boom!
Tim Sackton: Know about that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: So you want us to drop our items.
Tim Sackton: Just anything magical.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby will start doing it. Welby takes off his hat and his boots, and his clothes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and his hack, and his quiver and his bow, like almost every single thing on his body.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he kind of does the same.
Mike Sackton: Actually, very little magic.
Mike Sackton: I don't even think my arbor is magical.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Your, of course, your armor is magical.
Mike Sackton: I know it's plus one.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, I'll I'll take my paltry 4 items.
Mike Sackton: I mean, obviously I'm not summoning my sword in order to drop it.
Tim Sackton: Right, your shield, your armor, your ring, your cooking pouch, your.
David S. Kong: And Tim that the whole time he's this is not deceptive, like he is just genuinely concerned trying to figure, you know, like Kenzo's got a good read on him. He's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I mean, he's.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You know your vibe on him from Soulside is really that like
Tim Sackton: this is a pickle right? Like he's obviously read a bunch of Fausto's.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Secret.
Tim Sackton: Notes, and like.
David S. Kong: We leave our stuff. Let's let's do it. So we drop our items.
David S. Kong: I don't mind. Yeah. Do what? You gotta keep it very neat trust is a two-way street.
Tim Sackton: He dropped.
David S. Kong: Let us let us let us!
Tim Sackton: He drops, he drops the the cage of force any sort of
Tim Sackton: asks you to approach. He's clearly got like detect magic up or something. Nobody's carrying any magic. So he sort of nods, and then
Tim Sackton: this might be a little intrusive. But would you allow me to read your thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Tim Sackton: You can
Tim Sackton: tell him so. You've automatically you can choose to fail to save, as the cast detect thoughts says, and you.
Tim Sackton: none of you are in possession of the crown.
David S. Kong: No, the tilts.
Tim Sackton: Nobody done it.
Tim Sackton: File store has no successor, at least that you are aware.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, not that. We're.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You are not seeking to overthrow the magistrates.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nope.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is honestly not seeking to overthrow the magistrates.
David S. Kong: Council doesn't know yet.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is uncertain as to whether he wants to overthrow the masters.
David S. Kong: Cancel.
David S. Kong: The question is, are, do you want to overthrow the magistrate? And the answer is, I don't know. It is not. Yes.
Tim Sackton: He looks long at Kenza. Were you
Tim Sackton: in the city the morning the Kaila's market was attacked.
David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know right.
Tim Sackton: So you were. You were in earth.
David S. Kong: Like thousands of miles away. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He looks, and you know
Tim Sackton: how that attack was carried out. Were you involved in any way in the attack? Did you.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: Provide aid to Fausto. Did you give him any.
David S. Kong: Also as our sworn mortal enemy. No, why would we ever do that? No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, no material aid for terrorists.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just just ask.
Tim Sackton: I mean you did give him the scroll.
David S. Kong: Yeah. But that was not like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But not for the attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. No.
David S. Kong: But but I mean, just read our thoughts faster is our sworn mortal enemy, who we spent much blood treasure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Are you trying to avoid any thoughts of the fact that you know where the scroll came leaking through? Or do you not care.
Mike Sackton: It's he's only cast. He can only target one person who's he targeting.
Tim Sackton: He's can you switch it?
Mike Sackton: You can, I think as like a magic action.
Tim Sackton: I thought you could switch it as a magic actually.
Mike Sackton: You can.
Tim Sackton: I'm look, I'm double checking detect thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like, I'll say my take is, I don't think.
Tim Sackton: Target, one creature.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, I don't think we're trying to conceal.
Mike Sackton: No, when you're reading thought, see? You only target the creature. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but you can. You can
Tim Sackton: ask each person in turn, and then go to the next person.
Tim Sackton: The spell doesn't end unless they succeed.
Mike Sackton: It only lasts for a minute. Right?
Tim Sackton: I know, but he's got a lot of second level slots.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: He's a 13th Level wizard like.
Tim Sackton: so he's sort of alternate. He's questioning each person in turn.
Mike Sackton: I am super, I will be very careful about what he it it about.
David S. Kong: We should like just tell. We should not let him know anything about Brisbane.
Mike Sackton: Correct, and I'll actually tell him I will tell him when he starts this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: It is important.
Mike Sackton: We we need to be careful here, because, as we previously said, we are concerned
Mike Sackton: about the Crown's current location.
David S. Kong: We are not going to reveal to you the where.
Tim Sackton: He's not once he's satisfied that you don't have the crown. He's just trying to learn about your connection to festo. That's what I'm asking if you're trying to keep secret like the fact that you traded the scroll for Hrolgar's eyes.
Tim Sackton: I mean he betrayed you immediately after you did that. So it wasn't like you were
Tim Sackton: actually helping him right. But.
Mike Sackton: We traded him the scroll before we knew who he was and what he was about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We were just.
Tim Sackton: He's a good guy. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm not. I'm not saying that he would misinterpret it. I'm just curious about what you're trying to conceal.
David S. Kong: I don't think we had that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, but I think we will say to him like before he starts. You know we
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we would interpret you trying to find we're doing this as an act of good faith.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and we would interpret you trying to find what we know about the location of the Crown as a hostile act.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think we're all friends here. I think you're not going to do that. And it's important. You know that before you start.
Mike Sackton: In every the other, and make it saved.
David S. Kong: The the other important thing to know is that
David S. Kong: before Fausto became our mortal enemy we thought that he was.
David S. Kong: I don't even know what we thought, but we didn't know that he was our mortal enemy until until.
Mike Sackton: He was a he was a
David S. Kong: But we were. We were also.
Mike Sackton: Charonian. He was part of the University.
David S. Kong: Much as you all were deceived. We also were deceived by Fausto.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Know that.
Tim Sackton: So he continues this questioning for like 3, 4 min, basically sort of asking you each adjourn. He does not. He's true to his word. He doesn't try to probe your like. He doesn't ask any questions about the current location of the Crown, or who has the crown. Every question is always phrased in like
Tim Sackton: is the crown in possession of an associate of Fausto's.
Tim Sackton: you know. Are you aware of a successor to Fausto? Did you help establish?
Tim Sackton: Did you help propagate the cleansed beyond after Phasta's death? Are you or any of your associates, members of the cleansed? It's all like this. It's not.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So he's he's he's like not trying to
Tim Sackton: use your vulnerability to try and push on the location of the Crown or any
Tim Sackton: other detail about the crime other than reassuring himself that you are not now, and never were in cahoots with festo. That's really what he wants to know.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: So after this goes on for a little while he he sort of
Tim Sackton: takes a breath, and he looks like he relaxes a bit, and he says, do you not know what
Tim Sackton: magic these things might be capable of? But
Tim Sackton: to the best of my ability, do not believe there is any
Tim Sackton: reasonable explanation for your story, other than you, like us.
Tim Sackton: were tricked and betrayed by Faustel.
Tim Sackton: not just, Fausto, by this organization, living at the heart of Chardon for 3 generations.
Tim Sackton: Kind of the sun is now setting into the ocean, and he said he kind of looks. He says.
Tim Sackton: I will tell you.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what role you had in
Tim Sackton: Fausto's rise to power? I think none after this question.
Tim Sackton: but the magistrates has, seeing this betrayal as a sign that the University has been far too concerned about.
Tim Sackton: shall we say material concerns not enough about their own
Tim Sackton: safety and the power that they wield.
Tim Sackton: Faresta was able to manipulate so many of us because we were told
Tim Sackton: it's so important to find lost secrets.
Tim Sackton: and it is now our imperial policy.
Tim Sackton: Well, I will let the Magister, speak to you, but
Tim Sackton: you have been honest with me, and I will be honest with you.
Tim Sackton: Do not go to him arguing, for
Tim Sackton: I do not know what you wish, other than your pardon, which you will get.
David S. Kong: And we're grateful for that. Affiliations with the.
Tim Sackton: Society of the open scroll, or the
Tim Sackton: treasure hunters of the great library, or
Tim Sackton: many of the other expeditions that wrapped a quest for some noble purpose into
Tim Sackton: looting, and the enrichment of Fausto's power.
Tim Sackton: I would disavow such affiliations when you speak with my master.
David S. Kong: Hmm! What's this guy's name again?
Tim Sackton: Tiberius.
Mike Sackton: Hey?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we were never big fans of those folk.
Mike Sackton: It.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, they tried to kill us several times.
Mike Sackton: Mostly the ones that Fausto controlled, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think.
David S. Kong: Kenzo, you know, like looks really intently at Tiberius. Tiberius, where are you from?
Tim Sackton: I'm from here, the greatest city in the world.
David S. Kong: Me, too. I wouldn't call it that. The
David S. Kong: people that I grew up with wouldn't call that call it that either.
David S. Kong: Lutenso kind of casually shows, like, you know.
David S. Kong: like super set of crazy, really interesting tattoos. And then, you know, obviously, the the Che light burns
David S. Kong: that he has.
David S. Kong: Do these mean anything to you.
Tim Sackton: His eyes. Kind of flare.
Tim Sackton: Careless, careless
Tim Sackton: power of such things should not be.
Tim Sackton: I will not reveal the windcaller's secrets, but
Tim Sackton: such things are safe to use for those who know how eyes flare bright, and I'm sorry that you
Tim Sackton: found yourself among people who did not know.
Tim Sackton: Up to me the wind collars would control all chelite in this city.
David S. Kong: Hmm!
David S. Kong: Well, look, I think you've been honorable in our discussions.
David S. Kong: You've been truthful, and I think
David S. Kong: what you just expressed about those associations and the exploitation, the greed, the power, seeking all of that I
David S. Kong: I appreciate.
Tim Sackton: Understand. I'm not.
David S. Kong: Excellent.
Tim Sackton: Against power.
Tim Sackton: There are just many who are incapable of using it responsibly.
David S. Kong: And you are responsible.
Mike Sackton: And so.
Tim Sackton: I hope you are as well, for you surely have power.
David S. Kong: Oh, we all do.
Mike Sackton: Has this guy showed the slightest hint of gratitude during this conversation.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: not precisely. But also he's been like pretty nervous the whole time.
David S. Kong: Figure it out.
Mike Sackton: But since he's figured it out.
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, I mean, was, offer you a.
David S. Kong: Apart it.
Tim Sackton: Telling you how to.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Get in good with his boss.
Tim Sackton: like I'm not. We don't have to role, play everything.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's like, clearly, like.
Mike Sackton: That's what I mean. Like like.
Mike Sackton: is he aware that we saved Chardan from ultimate destruction?
Tim Sackton: I don't think anybody really is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Aware that Apollyon was so close to breaking out of his prison
Tim Sackton: like nothing that anybody has said suggests that Apollyon people know about Apollyon, but mostly as a myth, like.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
David S. Kong: This is why I'm sitting.
Tim Sackton: Everything in this whole conversation is that Fausta was the enemy.
David S. Kong: Metametta game here. All of this is why we should have let him out. He needed to get out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're right. You're right.
David S. Kong: Some damage for anybody, including us to be like. Oh, shit! He's really fucking scary and powerful. Now we put him now it's like.
Mike Sackton: It's like the clock.
David S. Kong: You know what you know, what this all this is? This is like preventing climate change, or like, or like, or like preventative health, you know, I mean oh, I don't have cancer now, you know, like nobody gets any credit for that. You have to. You have to like, start to system. And then, you know, then it's like, Oh, thank you. God, you know. So it's just we.
Tim Sackton: I mean. He knows he knows that you
Tim Sackton: were the ones who took down Fezto, and he's clearly like grateful for that. But he also sort of sees that as
Tim Sackton: like the connection to a like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so for him reality. Felsto had a gigantically worse impact.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the world that Napoleon did.
Tim Sackton: There's like no connection to a Polyon, and Fasta, like taking down. Fasta, was clearly very important, but none.
Tim Sackton: And probably if he stopped to think about it. He'd be like, Yeah, actually, if, like, Fasto had really carried out his plans, it might have been.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, no.
Tim Sackton: Because Fasto's the only way Fasto was going to destroy Chardon was by releasing a polyon.
Mike Sackton: No, I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I I want to see if we can get just a little bit more understanding of like Cheleh politics here. So Welby's gonna say?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know I'm I'm Sambaran.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I sell the green sea, not this one. So forgive me if this is a naive question to ask. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): why is the chalite being used by people without an understanding of its power? Why doesn't the magistrates control and decide how it's used.
Tim Sackton: I am not a politician.
Tim Sackton: I am glad I am not a politician, you know it was his magistresses.
Tim Sackton: Wait, let me look at my timeline here.
Mike Sackton: It was like he had like great.
Tim Sackton: It was his great-grandfather who discovered Cheli.
Tim Sackton: Well, we've always known of chelike, but discovered
Tim Sackton: abundant sources of it in the North.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Really.
Tim Sackton: Wind colors. Well, I won't say more.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: there are.
Tim Sackton: There are 3 people that profit from Chalite in this city.
Tim Sackton: and the magistrates is not one of them anymore.
David S. Kong: Who are the 3 who are the 3?
Tim Sackton: Us the wind collars, who use it responsibly.
David S. Kong: Nintendo doesn't do the air quotes.
Tim Sackton: I know
Tim Sackton: there.
Tim Sackton: There is the hetero magica, the they were.
Tim Sackton: Well, don't think any of this is secret knowledge, so
Tim Sackton: believe it is okay for me to tell you this, but the current magistress's the previous magistress was my master's aunt.
Tim Sackton: and she reformed the heteria magica, the magical.
Tim Sackton: You've seen the city watch, of course, but there is also necessarily in a city like this, with so much magic, a magical watch.
Tim Sackton: She reformed them, and put many of them connected many of them with the
Tim Sackton: masters of the Chelate refineries, and built a shay light
Tim Sackton: reserve. I don't know what to call it exactly, but
Tim Sackton: they did not know how to use it properly, and
Tim Sackton: so many of them. You see, these husks of people walking around the city, barely knowing who they are, their minds being burned out by incompetence and greed
Tim Sackton: and simply irresponsible use of power. I, and calms and stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we get it.
Tim Sackton: In any case, Fausto corrupted them all.
Tim Sackton: so they were Fausto's power source.
Tim Sackton: I don't know who's left exactly.
Tim Sackton: The 3rd group, of course, is the
Tim Sackton: the families who own the mines themselves.
Tim Sackton: Many of them control both mines and refineries. The mines are thousands of miles away, but
Tim Sackton: of course one of the things that Cheleh makes easy is long distance, communication.
Mike Sackton: Ooah!
Mike Sackton: Who sells the chair?
Mike Sackton: Is it not regulated? Who's allowed to purchase it or acquire it?
Mike Sackton: Is it just anybody.
Tim Sackton: No, it's very regulated, and most of it is used in workshops of artisans across the city to make all sorts of wondrous devices.
Tim Sackton: It is not the crystals that are dangerous.
Tim Sackton: It's the refined powder before it's been pressed into crystals.
Tim Sackton: and it is something that is nearly impossible to prevent smuggling out of the factories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sounds like it'd be real shame if something happened to those families. Then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to you and the windcallers to the magistros
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sound like y'all y'all be real disappointed if some unfortunate accident should should happen to befall them.
Tim Sackton: Be careful what you propose.
Mike Sackton: It does sound like it would be unfortunate.
Tim Sackton: The, the.
Mike Sackton: Della says that sincerely.
Tim Sackton: But the northern provinces.
Tim Sackton: while they're only barely part of the Empire.
Tim Sackton: push too hard, and they may break.
Tim Sackton: That would be a worse disaster than allowing them to continue to control the chelite trade.
Mike Sackton: If only Apollyon had Red paged free, they'd be too scared to break.
David S. Kong: On you guys.
Mike Sackton: Next time we just do everything Kong says.
David S. Kong: Major mistakes.
Tim Sackton: If you listen to him way back in the beginning, when he said, as you approach fastest tower, this is definitely a trap.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God, thank you, Tim, thank you for the receipts. Jesus Christ.
Tim Sackton: They're like. No, no, it's gonna be fine.
David S. Kong: Fine. Everything's gonna be fine.
Mike Sackton: Knew it was a trap, but if we had but hold on in our defense.
Mike Sackton: if we hadn't continued forward we would not have gotten the eyes.
Mike Sackton: and we would not have a flying ship.
David S. Kong: We would have gotten the eyes, we definitely.
Mike Sackton: How.
David S. Kong: Someplace, else through through our own, our own ways, not within our own age.
Mike Sackton: No, they were in Faustus's workshop.
Tim Sackton: They were in fast as workshop.
David S. Kong: No, we would have got them. We were that that was one of the the larger side quests, for sure was to get the eyes. We were going to get those, no matter what.
David S. Kong: But and.
Tim Sackton: There definitely was a way you could have gotten the eyes by stealth instead of by just walking into his.
David S. Kong: It's true.
Tim Sackton: Had a whole adventure planned where you were, gonna sneak into his tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also like on a certain level.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how differently would events have unfolded without a skyship like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I, it would have been less cool, but, like.
David S. Kong: That sky ship's pretty awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, there's no question that it's awesome, but I don't know that that would have materially prevented us from.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, conceptually, we would to be able to move around the world.
Tim Sackton: Until Seeker got teleport. It really was a huge benefit to.
Mike Sackton: So a Pauline would have broken free. But then Kong's other plan would have come true as well.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So it all worked out right upon, would have broken free. He would have rampage.
David S. Kong: Little bit we just to show how devastating, because now we don't get any credit, there's no there's no like, thank you. There's no like. Oh, thanks for saving the world! You know what I mean like.
Mike Sackton: It's true.
David S. Kong: It's just anyways, let's get back to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, in any case. So he goes on for a bit about like, you know, Cheleh, politics about how
Tim Sackton: the sliding and Chelet dust is like such a big problem, and it's hard to prevent. And he thinks all the the factory owners are corrupt. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: you know he goes. He's ranting for a while.
David S. Kong: So sorry. Sorry are the the mages, the wind mages? Are they like buyers of the refined Chelet stuff after? So it's basically like the process is, there's Chelet out there, you know where they're mined. Then they're brought to Chardon, where they're refined, and after it's refined. Then the wind Mages get it and do stuff with it.
Tim Sackton: He? He has not said when they get Chalite, at what stage, and apparently will not say it's like a wind collar secret. But the general refining process is ore gets shipped downriver
Tim Sackton: in barges and ore comes into Chardon, the ore gets crushed into a powder, and purified
Tim Sackton: powder is really dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Easy to use. The powder gets
Tim Sackton: fused into crystals that are like batteries for magic items, basically.
Tim Sackton: And the batteries are more inert than
Tim Sackton: powder, and so it's safer to sell. So you're not allowed to sell that it's completely illegal to sell chelite powder.
Tim Sackton: and if you're if it's you're caught with it like it's a serious offense.
David S. Kong: So, but but in in the north part of Chardin, like my people.
David S. Kong: after it's powder, do they then put it into the crystals, or is it like barrels of powder? Go someplace else? And then.
Tim Sackton: So there are other factories that barrels of power get shipped to the refineries. There's like blast furnaces, smelt furnaces that like
Tim Sackton: melt it down and crush it into powder, and then that
Tim Sackton: goes on barges to another downriver factory, where.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay. But but is that still part of like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's still part of the the northern. It's still part of the northern.
David S. Kong: Got it so. So if there was like a trade guild, there'd be like the there'd be like the ones that are smashing the powder. Then there's.
Tim Sackton: There'd be like the refiners, and there'd be the like smiths, or whatever you call.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Okay, okay, yeah. So there are a few different, like, you know, unions.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's like the crane worker, there's a there's like 3 or 4.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay, got it, and then and then but then it's the. It's the processed chelike crystals that then end up going in.
Tim Sackton: That is legal to sell to, to
Tim Sackton: registered artisans, who then end up.
David S. Kong: That own the refineries. They're the ones that because it's not like the the poor people are taking these chairs.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no! The families who own the refineries are the ones who sell the
Tim Sackton: stamped process that's highly regulated, so you can. Only it has to be. The refined crystals have to be stamped with a rune.
David S. Kong: Right right? And so. And those families, they're part of the larger Chardonian ruling class.
Tim Sackton: Well, those it's mostly vertically integrated. So it's the same
Tim Sackton: Volterra mining families that own the mines it to the north. That's right. And.
David S. Kong: That's right. But but my point is that but that is the those are part of the the ruling elites.
Tim Sackton: Yes, although it's a little bit complicated, because Chelate was only discovered like
Tim Sackton: 80 90 years ago in the North. It's like a gold rush, basically.
Tim Sackton: And ruling families of Chardin are way older than that right? Like Chardin, has a history that goes far, far back. And so like the aristocracy
Tim Sackton: way predites chelite. So this is like the new rich. It's like the people who went out to California in the gold rush and got rich on gold, and then call themselves aristocracy. But.
David S. Kong: Oh, so so! There's tension, then, between the ruling elites, like the old, the old money.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, the universe, like Chardon's A is like way back as a university town. The universe. A lot of the university hates the Cheli people for all sorts of reasons.
Tim Sackton: They've like taken.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So councillors are trying to figure out who needs to burn. You know what I mean. So is it the Chalite families, the refinery.
Mike Sackton: Provinces. But yeah, it's the people in the. It's the chile families in the North.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright!
Mike Sackton: It was just good of Voltaire.
Mike Sackton: Conquer Volterra.
Mike Sackton: See, I like how you're talking now. We
Mike Sackton: lead an army of people from Chardon rabble, rouse all the people in the slums to form an army, to go north and conquer Volterra.
David S. Kong: Wait. But the families that actually the vertically owned the families that own? Are they based in Chardon, or are they based in the North.
Tim Sackton: Depends.
David S. Kong: You know what it must. It's probably like some like, you know, their family operations. So it's like, you send kids down.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're mostly split, right? So it's like, you know, some of them will be in chart, and some of them, but but they all have, like, you know, chain light sending stones so that they can talk instantaneously across long distances.
David S. Kong: Okay, okay, okay, this is all very helpful.
Tim Sackton: But there's also like there's, I mean, there's a lot of industry. There's a lot of
Tim Sackton: people who make a living
Tim Sackton: in Volterra off the like. Volterra is a boom town from the mines, but also because, like you can, it's easy to get a job guarding caravans, and like there's a ton of money there. So
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Whereas in Chardon, you know, those people have less power because they're socially.
Tim Sackton: I mean, putting aside the conflict like
Tim Sackton: historically, like the magistros's family was one of the major Chelite owners until
Tim Sackton: this guy was like a navy guy and was in with the windcallers. And his aunt basically screwed up and let Fasto take control of the heteria magica
Tim Sackton: and infiltrate his way into the chelite world.
David S. Kong: By the way, what time are we ending today?
Tim Sackton: I think we should end fairly soon. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna suggest after. I mean, unless we have more to. I didn't want to do the math. I didn't want to.
Tim Sackton: No, we shouldn't. We're not gonna go to the magistrates today.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Let's wrap the let's finish the wind collar, dude Tiberius, and like.
Tim Sackton: get back to the city and figure out where you're gonna sleep, and then
Tim Sackton: we'll pick up next time in the morning, when you meet the magistrates.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: So basically on that note like, is there anything else you want to talk to Tiberius about any other information you want?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean, just, you know. So so we know. So, oh, so what's his relationship with those families like the wind callers? Are they like resentful, collaborative, like, what's their relationship with the.
Tim Sackton: Mean, he's like a he's like, personally. Well.
Tim Sackton: the the magistros has only been in this position for a few years and basically replaced a lot of
Tim Sackton: the like, his personal mage garden things that was controlled by the hetera magica, which had been infiltrated by Fausta with windcallers. So the windcallers have seen a dramatic rise in prominence in the last 2 years, and basically are all like a hundred percent loyal to the magistress.
David S. Kong: That's okay.
David S. Kong: They I mean, they were a bit of a backwater like. Historically, the wind collars were like ferry pilots.
Tim Sackton: Shipping, you know, driving ships through the canal, and nobody took them seriously.
David S. Kong: What else do we want to know?
David S. Kong: So what's the magistrate's position on the refineries? Since this guy's kind of a you know, like a.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really knows. I mean to be honest, nobody really knows. On the one hand, he's got
Tim Sackton: close family ties like a bunch of his cousins still own mines and
Tim Sackton: stuff. On the other hand, he
Tim Sackton: completely upended the magical power structure in Chardon over the past 2 years.
Tim Sackton: which turned out to be a good thing, because Fasto could have just murdered him, if otherwise.
Mike Sackton: When did he wait? When did he become.
Tim Sackton: 2 years ago.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So so he's not new to power. It's not like there wasn't
Tim Sackton: Actually 3 years ago, now.
Mike Sackton: But he didn't come in with the he's not like for 2 weeks on the job.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, no, no.
Mike Sackton: It was just he was.
Mike Sackton: How long have they known Festo was, I mean, do they have any inkling? That festo was a problem prior to his death?
Tim Sackton: As far as you can tell from this conversation. It was
Tim Sackton: when a bunch of University wizards and windcallers breached his tower, and like fought a bunch of stuff and found all of his logs and notes.
Mike Sackton: You know I'm asking this guy if.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he's yeah. No, no, nobody had any idea until
Tim Sackton: well, there was a slight hint.
Tim Sackton: because he insisted on marching with the art with the legions towards Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: Now that we think back about it, it was actually Fausto who was the leading voice for war with Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it was part of his plan.
Tim Sackton: And the heteri magica immediately leaped to support him.
Tim Sackton: And who is going to go against that? Nobody really knew anything, nobody really, thought they?
Tim Sackton: There is this old, old woman, Rosalia's name, I think, who's on the faculty of magic, who spoke up and was like, this is crazy. What are we doing? But
Tim Sackton: nobody cares what old women wizards think, and
Tim Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: Spiraled.
Mike Sackton: Have you?
Tim Sackton: But sorry I was going to say the one suspicion reported, not by General Cusco.
Tim Sackton: but by several of our independent spies in the legions
Tim Sackton: that Fasto did not actually march with the army for very long, and teleported away
Tim Sackton: before the battle started. That was our 1st inkling of suspicion.
Tim Sackton: Why did he insist on marching, teleported away, and then somehow get General Cusico not to report his disappearance.
Mike Sackton: You know the general was enslaved to him right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, his mind is shattered now.
Tim Sackton: He's retreated to the hospital of the mother.
Tim Sackton: Won't speak to anybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: It's difficult going through that sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: There is much collateral damage from Fausto's rampages.
Tim Sackton: But no, we hadn't until that we had no suspicion, and then, of course.
Tim Sackton: when everything fell apart.
Tim Sackton: We we were still in Darba.
Tim Sackton: Several of the University wizards breached his tower.
Tim Sackton: and then everything came well. The populace still does not know, seem too dangerous
Tim Sackton: already. Big enough problem with the werewolves.
Tim Sackton: Priests have a lot on their hands to deal with
Tim Sackton: would have been a lot easier if
Tim Sackton: the gods had not been distracted. I must say
Tim Sackton: layers and layers to every one of his plans.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: In the end he was just a puppet.
Tim Sackton: Fausta was a puppet, not the puppet master.
Mike Sackton: I think he regretted at the end his choice of master, and perhaps was not fully committed
Mike Sackton: to his fate. But now he was a puppet.
Tim Sackton: This is news to us.
David S. Kong: Pub it to a Polyon.
David S. Kong: You said you knew, though, of Apollyon's death.
Tim Sackton: Though.
Tim Sackton: No, I didn't mean to imply. He knew that Apollyon had.
Mike Sackton: He only knows the Pod system.
Tim Sackton: New Apollyon as the last Emperor of Drancorp.
Mike Sackton: Cleansed, the cleansed does not move.
Mike Sackton: The cleanse asbestos organization comes from drankware, revolt.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Omnis urov.
David S. Kong: Read our thoughts.
Tim Sackton: I am not a scholar.
Tim Sackton: That name is not familiar to me.
Mike Sackton: No, it should not be.
Mike Sackton: But Apollyon, the last Emperor of Drankor, wished to cleanse the world.
Mike Sackton: All those who were not humid enough.
Tim Sackton: There are many you must speak. This is shocking news, but
Tim Sackton: there are many others you must speak to who wish to record this story.
Mike Sackton: This is why we came to talk to the magistrates.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is maybe a a good place to leave. Then this conversation.
Tim Sackton: Yes, and he then says, Yes, you know we will arrange a meeting like
Tim Sackton: you will receive a message sending.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't know when he can meet, but it will be, he hopes tomorrow, because this does seem urgent.
Tim Sackton: It's likely, in the event.
Mike Sackton: Week week tomorrow. The next day. We're not in a hurry.
Mike Sackton: We telepathically. We need a little time to rabble Raz before we meet with him.
David S. Kong: Well, more more time for the revolutionary guard to organize.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: As we end he is.
Tim Sackton: Tiberius offers you a birth on the ship. If you'd like to spend the night here, or
Tim Sackton: you can still turn into birds for another 12 h, roughly.
David S. Kong: We don't have a place to stay other than Xavier's place, which is like we can't even stay there, so we just may as well stay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's stay on the boat. Why not?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stay last time we were here.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but it's too much trouble to go until we have.
David S. Kong: I'm also not pardoned yet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, until we have, like a pronouncement.
Tim Sackton: You just stayed in, and you just took rooms in India. Oh, no, you stayed with Queso last time, but Queso's fled to Maor.
David S. Kong: Let's down the boat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I think I think Welby feels don't be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): feels the need to go find a a halfling in and.
Mike Sackton: Go for it. We'll meet up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tomorrow will be yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. Awesome. We'll see you in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we'll be in touch.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so we will end there as Kenzo and deal with
Tim Sackton: settle in for the evening on the naval ship with Tiberius.
Tim Sackton: Welby flies off to flies back to the city to look for a halfling in for the night.
Tim Sackton: We'll pick up, as you reconnect in the morning, just
Tim Sackton: to make sure I understand your plans, your
Tim Sackton: talking to the magistrates. You're going back to rabble, rouse.
David S. Kong: Well, we're going to back to make sure that the various workers groups can, like, you know, get themselves into some kind of shape, so that when we actually, like, you know, force the families we have to destroy the families force in the negotiating table, etc. It's not just like a bunch of like. Oh, we don't know what we're doing like, it's like, you know, there's got to be something.
Mike Sackton: I think we. I think we go back and we need to find guilt leaders. Right? We need to like find people and be like. Okay, you.
Mike Sackton: You are now in charge of the to be created guild.
David S. Kong: That's exactly what I was asking for was like the for the that group. Whoever like those folks are that like feel like they've got some trusted leadership to come together, and then we can start organizing them a little bit. We start getting them into, you know.
Mike Sackton: Because our plan is to create
Mike Sackton: a guild of Chelite refiners and have it be illegal to sell Chelite to anybody except the Guild.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But in order to do that I don't. I don't know that we need to be the ones to organize them like the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can get them bought into that plan pretty easy. It's the magistros
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): convincing the magistrates to be bought into that plan is what our task is.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. But we just need somebody for him to negotiate.
David S. Kong: Be an organized group that needs to have their shit together, and that, you know we can help. We can, you know.
Mike Sackton: We don't want the magistrates to create a guild, and then appoint his cousin as the guild form.
David S. Kong: Exactly, exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should have him bring in some like guildmaster from Toland to.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Organ.
Mike Sackton: Get our guy. We have our guy in Toland.
Mike Sackton: but he probably it would be too hard to get him over here.
David S. Kong: Oh, I should also get Queso out of hiding now, too. Get him to come back.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's a bunch of people you could talk to like Rosalia, you know, right? And.
Mike Sackton: But but.
Tim Sackton: That's all the case. I mean, those are all in hiding because because of
Tim Sackton: Fausto, right? Because the heteri magica that Fausto can controlled via the Crown was like going to hunt everybody who had supported you. Because.
Tim Sackton: so yeah, you can do that, too. Okay, this gives me a sense. What you want to do. It's already basically what I prepped, anyway. So.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: We'll play next time we'll see how far we get
Tim Sackton: some chance. We might wrap chart in next time, I would say moderate to low chance, depending on what you do but
Tim Sackton: and we'll just pick up from there.
David S. Kong: No, but there's there's there's a path forward here. This is all promising.
Tim Sackton: And one last thing. So
Tim Sackton: I did. Actually, there was 2 mirror things you were going to do. I wrote them out, but I totally forgot to.
Tim Sackton: There's no point for me just reading them. I'll just send them with session notes so you can see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool, cool.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Good night. Everybody.
David S. Kong: Alright! Good night, job bye, bye.